 Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank | ICICI Bank Integrated Report 2026 PDF MENU CLOSE MENU CLOSE 01 Integrated Report 02 Statutory Reports 03 Financial Statements Integrated Report Know our Theme Our Approach to Reporting The Bank at a Glance Financial Highlights Message from the Chairman Corporate Information Message from the Wholetime Directors Business Model Our Business Strategy Our Values Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank Risk Governance Framework Responding to Risks and Opportunities ESG Governance and Material Matters Human Capital Social and Relationship Capital Environment and Sustainability Statutory Reports Board’s Report Board’s Report Annexures Auditor’s Certificate on Corporate Governance Management Discussion & Analysis Key Financial Indicators: Last 10 Years Financial Statements Independent Auditor’s Report – Financial Statements Financial Statements of ICICI Bank Limited Balance Sheet Profit and Loss Account Cash Flow Statement Schedules forming part of the Balance Sheet Schedules forming part of the Profit and Loss Account Schedules forming part of the Accounts Independent Auditor’s Report – Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Financial Statements of ICICI Bank Limited and its Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheet Consolidated Profit & Loss Account Consolidated Cash Flow Statement Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Balance Sheet Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Profit & Loss Account Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Accounts Statement Pursuant to Section 129 of Companies Act, 2013 Basel Pillar 3 Disclosures Glossary of Terms ICICI Bank · Annual Report · FY 2025-26 Download Full Report Home > Integrated Report > Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank FAIR TO CUSTOMER, FAIR TO BANK The Bank continues to build seamless customer journeys, focus on process reimagination and further strengthen delivery through digital platforms to enhance customer delight, efficiency and resilience. In fiscal 2026, the Bank focussed on strengthening the service delivery through simpler customer journeys, process reimagination and resilient digitisation with a view to ease customer effort and enhance overall customer delight. The principle of ‘Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank’ continues to be the guardrail to ensure that the Bank delivers fair value to customers and at the same time also creates sustainable value for shareholders. This principle is inclusive by design – the Bank is committed to serve customers across segments, geographies and life stages recognising that financial access itself is an important dimension of fairness. At the same time, the Bank is deliberate about building relationships with customers whose engagement is grounded in transparency and mutual trust and whose banking behaviour strengthens rather than strains the institution's capacity to serve the broader customer base well. This approach shapes the Bank's operations and reflects the commitment to offer products and services which meet societal needs, support the best interest of customers and thereby strengthen trust in our brand. Customer interactions, rooted in transparency, are a key element of the Bank's overall approach to drive long-term sustainable growth. Customer insight forms a continuous input into how the Bank designs, refines and evolves its products and services. Inputs from Net Promoter Score (NPS), customer interactions and complaint analyses are systematically assessed to identify areas of friction and opportunities for improvement. A structured closed-loop framework integrates insights from NPS surveys, root cause analyses and Voice of Customer programmes, including branch immersions and product walkthroughs into journey design enhancements. This approach supports an outside-in perspective, aligning product and service architecture with observed customer behaviour and needs. In fiscal 2026, this framework contributed to improvements in onboarding journeys, service turnaround times and customer advocacy, indicating steady progress in service delivery and experience quality. The Bank remains committed to serve customers across segments, geographies and life stages. The Bank's voice channels (Phone Banking and Virtual Relationship Manager), which manage millions of customer interactions every month, continued to focus on strengthening the service experience and driving meaningful customer engagements through various interventions. To enhance the efficiency of customer engagements, various enablers were introduced such as: For customers mapped to Virtual RMs, the inbound customer calls are routed to the mapped RM enabling continuity of conversations Enhancements introduced in the internal workflow system for RMs: Generative AI-based customer call summary highlighting key insights Digital technical assistance widget to help RMs provide quick assistance to customers facing issues in services like login or activation in iMobile or Retail Net Banking ICICI Direct Trading Account services enabled RMs to handle ICICI Direct related servicing on the call instead of transferring to a specialised team Automated Quality Management aims at improving operational efficiency by automating manual quality evaluation process of analysing the efficacy of customer interactions. This helps to bring about consistency and enhancement in the service delivery of the RMs by providing quick insights on various performance matrices. The Bank is committed to the principle of ‘Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank,’ while maintaining a consistent focus on service quality, integrity and innovation. During fiscal 2026, the Bank recorded an improvement in Net Promoter Score (NPS), reflecting progress in customer value creation and advocacy. Customer Service and Grievance Redressal The Bank has a well-defined framework to monitor key customer service metrics and complaints. The Customer Service Committee of the Board and the Standing Committee on Customer Service convened periodically to review service performance and discuss measures to further enhance customer service. The Bank complies with the ‘Customer Rights Policy' set around the basic rights of customers, including Right to Fair Treatment; Right to Transparency, Fair and Honest Dealing; Right to Suitability; Right to Privacy and Right to Grievance Redress and Compensation. The details of these policies are available on the Bank's website. The Bank is committed to treating its customers fairly and providing transparency across its offerings. To enable customers to make informed choices regarding banking products and services, the Bank undertakes continuous customer education efforts as well as strives to offer products based on an assessment of the customer's financial requirements. By actively listening and resolving complaints with empathy, the Bank reinforces its commitment to building strong customer relationships while continuously learning from any less-than-ideal customer experience. The Bank offers multiple convenient channels, including the business centres, voice and digital channels through which customers can seamlessly raise complaints. Each complaint is considered as a valuable opportunity to learn, refine our processes and enhance the overall customer experience. The Bank fosters a culture of responsiveness, where insights from customer feedback and complaints serve as avenues to drive ongoing enhancements. This forms a key pillar of delivering a trusted, reliable and customer-centric banking experience. The Bank has a well-defined and comprehensive grievance redressal mechanism, to ensure resolution of customer complaints with clear turnaround times. All complaints received by the Bank are recorded in a Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system and monitored through to closure. An in-built escalation matrix within the CRM system ensures that customer concerns are appropriately addressed within prescribed timelines. The Bank also conducts detailed root cause analysis (RCAs) of the issues highlighted in customer feedback, complaints, etc. and insights from same are channelled towards improving the service quality. Further, the Bank has appointed senior retired bankers as Internal Ombudsmen to provide an independent and objective review of customer grievances and to strengthen the internal grievance redressal mechanism. Customer service is monitored through a structured oversight framework comprising the Customer Service Committee of the Board, the Standing Committee on Customer Service, and Customer Service Committees at Business Centres, ensuring effective review and continuous enhancement in service delivery across the Bank. CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT BEYOND BANKING Personal finance can often feel overwhelming and complex from a customer's perspective. Recognising this aspect and the growing need for financial education, the Bank launched a unique digital initiative – The Orange Book. This monthly e-magazine was designed to empower customers to make informed financial decisions. Having completed five years of publication, the Orange Book continues to make personal finance accessible and engaging through contextual examples, infographics, interactive games and puzzles. Since its inception, it has covered a wide range of topics, from basics such as the power of compounding and building an emergency fund to more advanced themes such as goal-based investing, tax-saving strategies, succession planning, including nomination and will writing. It also plays a crucial role in consistently educating customers about emerging financial frauds. The initiative has been well-received and continues to build financial confidence among its readers. An edition focussed on Fraud Prevention showcasing several case studies has also been put together. Special editions of The Orange Book, catering to various age profiles have been curated, for children, teenagers, college students, young earners, women, and senior citizens and doctors, to empower customers with financial knowledge across milestones. The Orange Book is a monthly e-magazine that educates customers about personal finance in a simple and easy-to-understand manner. DATA PROTECTION AND PRIVACY The Bank is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals whose personal data it holds and processing such personal data in a way that is consistent with applicable laws. The Bank's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics includes guidelines on customer privacy and confidentiality of data. It is important for employees and businesses to protect customer data and follow the applicable privacy laws in India and overseas locations to ensure safety and security of data. We believe that the data privacy framework should be aligned to the evolving regulatory changes and digital transformation. The Bank has a presence in several jurisdictions outside India including Hong Kong, Singapore, United States, United Kingdom, Canada, China, Dubai International Financial Centre and Bahrain. The Bank is committed to ensuring compliance with applicable laws across these jurisdictions. As per the Personal Data Protection Standards of the Bank, it ensures that all personal data it processes is kept secure using appropriate technical and organisational measures, including necessary policies, processes and controls which include physical access control, encryption, data protection impact assessment and providing training to the Bank's employees. The Bank periodically updates the Personal Data Protection Standard to cover the personal data protection regulatory requirements as applicable to the Bank in India and its overseas offices to reflect the changes in data protection laws and regulations. Privacy regulations require the personal data of customers to be protected throughout the entire life cycle. Accordingly, the Bank has undertaken several comprehensive measures such as categorising all personal data and sensitive personal data as 'Confidential Information', keeping record of all its processing activities, entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with employees and third parties who are privy to personal data of the customers and providing customers the option to exercise various rights which they enjoy under applicable data protection regulations. There are e-learning modules specifically on the concept of personal data and its protection to build awareness among employees. Periodic training is provided and various data privacy awareness initiatives are taken up for employees to help them get an overview of data privacy and its importance in day-to-day work. Periodic mailers are also sent to the employees to create awareness about data privacy. The Bank has established a governance framework for data privacy management. The Bank's Data Protection Officer (DPO), with the aid of the business compliance officers in each business division, provides guidance on privacy-related developments across the Bank. The Bank is currently working towards the implementation of the Digital Personal Data Protection Act (DPDPA). Our Values Risk Governance Framework DOWNLOAD CENTER 01 Board's Report 02 Management Discussion and Analysis 03 Financial Statements of ICICI Bank Limited 04 Consolidated Financial Statements of ICICI Bank Limited and its Subsidiaries 05 Key Financial Indicators: Last 10 Years 06 ICICI Bank Annual Report 2025-26 (Full PDF) --> QUICK LINKS www.icici.bank.in Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2025-26 Follow us on: ECO-FRIENDLY --> Go to Top Copyright © 2026 . All rights Reserved. 