 Message from the Wholetime Directors | ICICI Bank Integrated Report 2026 PDF MENU CLOSE MENU CLOSE 01 Integrated Report 02 Statutory Reports 03 Financial Statements Integrated Report Know our Theme Our Approach to Reporting The Bank at a Glance Financial Highlights Message from the Chairman Corporate Information Message from the Wholetime Directors Business Model Our Business Strategy Our Values Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank Risk Governance Framework Responding to Risks and Opportunities ESG Governance and Material Matters Human Capital Social and Relationship Capital Environment and Sustainability Statutory Reports Board’s Report Board’s Report Annexures Auditor’s Certificate on Corporate Governance Management Discussion & Analysis Key Financial Indicators: Last 10 Years Financial Statements Independent Auditor’s Report – Financial Statements Financial Statements of ICICI Bank Limited Balance Sheet Profit and Loss Account Cash Flow Statement Schedules forming part of the Balance Sheet Schedules forming part of the Profit and Loss Account Schedules forming part of the Accounts Independent Auditor’s Report – Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Financial Statements of ICICI Bank Limited and its Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheet Consolidated Profit & Loss Account Consolidated Cash Flow Statement Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Balance Sheet Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Profit & Loss Account Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Accounts Statement Pursuant to Section 129 of Companies Act, 2013 Basel Pillar 3 Disclosures Glossary of Terms ICICI Bank · Annual Report · FY 2025-26 Download Full Report Home > Integrated Report > Message from the Wholetime Directors MESSAGE FROM THE WHOLETIME DIRECTORS Sandeep Bakhshi Managing Director & CEO Our strategic approach is anchored in our value frameworks, enabling us to harness market opportunities across key micromarkets and ecosystems. Our constant focus on counterparty selection is at the forefront, ensuring resilient profitable growth across customer segments. Responsiveness and agility of our processes, delivery systems and structures enable us to effectively deploy technology investments, including artificial intelligence, for better outcomes in an evolving landscape. We prioritise effective compliance and risk management frameworks to fortify the Bank against rising non-financial risks, particularly cyber-threats and liability risks by misusing the Bank’s platforms to facilitate fraudulent activities. Going forward, our focussed approach towards allocating capacity, capital and simplifying processes continue to play an inherent role in serving emerging opportunities across the Indian economy and its global linkages. Growth, for us, is centred on prudence and responsibility along with a commitment to serve customers with integrity, strengthening trust and unleashing the full potential of our brand and franchise. We deeply acknowledge the importance of sound governance practices as fundamental for delivering long-term sustainable value to all stakeholders. Sandeep Batra Executive Director Balancing growth with resilience, conducting business with integrity, and investing in employees and communities are integral to our approach. We continue to sharpen customer centricity with “ seva bhaav ”. Empathy is embedded in our philosophy as we serve customers holistically within our cultural values. Prioritising agile risk management, upholding compliance culture and maintaining high governance standards, enable resilient and responsible growth in an ever-evolving landscape. Recognising the emerging cyber risks associated with accelerated AI models, we constantly strengthen our cybersecurity defence mechanisms. We continue to strengthen sustainability practices and circularity initiatives while progressing towards carbon neutrality by 2032. We have increased allocation towards corporate social responsibility during fiscal 2026. Beyond scaling-up healthcare facilities and biodiversity restoration, our philanthropic arm- ‘ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth’ expanded its footprint into sports to foster inclusive community development. Our initiatives have positively impacted over 20 million lives till date across the country. We look forward to continuing this journey. Rakesh Jha Executive Director Our execution strategy is underpinned by ‘One Bank, One Team’ with a focus on serving customers holistically and optimising all levers of profitability. The Bank continues to deepen its presence across large ecosystems and customer segments such as multinational corporations, global capability centres, new-age companies, non-resident Indians and senior citizens to stay future-ready. Prioritising capital preservation as a core principle, our private banking and wealth management business is enriching its engagement and coverage by investing in resources, offering simple products and leveraging 3-in-1 offering as a key proposition. The Bank continues to enhance customer experience across all channels by strengthening delivery capabilities, simplifying processes and digital enablement. The Bank will continue its approach of choosing the right counterparty, adapting to evolving customer preferences, investing in multi-channel distribution to grow coverage and harnessing profitable opportunities across micromarkets and ecosystems. Building trust-based long-term relationships and delivering fair value in a transparent manner to customers is core to our strategy of sustainable growth. Ajay Kumar Gupta Executive Director We are focussed on building future-ready delivery capabilities to stay agile, with evolving customer expectations, rapid technology advancement and fast-growing digital transaction volumes. During the year, the Bank reinforced its digital strategy by enhancing coverage and functionalities of ‘iCRM- customer relationship management platform’ and by going-live all key retail products on ‘iLens- loan origination platform’ to provide seamless banking experience. Our continuing investments in technology, including Gen AI, enable us to drive operational effectiveness, improve customer experience and have more informed credit decisioning across businesses, while ensuring data privacy and cybersecurity guardrails. Leveraging data analytics and public digital infrastructure enables us to focus on right counterparty onboarding while the strengthened credit policies and credit delivery ensure offering right product propositions. As we grow our business, we continue to strengthen our delivery systems, technology platforms and cybersecurity to sustain scalability, security and resilience. Corporate Information Business Model DOWNLOAD CENTER 01 Board's Report 02 Management Discussion and Analysis 03 Financial Statements of ICICI Bank Limited 04 Consolidated Financial Statements of ICICI Bank Limited and its Subsidiaries 05 Key Financial Indicators: Last 10 Years 06 ICICI Bank Annual Report 2025-26 (Full PDF) --> QUICK LINKS www.icici.bank.in Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2025-26 Follow us on: ECO-FRIENDLY --> Go to Top Copyright © 2026 . All rights Reserved. 