 Message from the Chairman | ICICI Bank Integrated Report 2026 PDF MENU CLOSE MENU CLOSE 01 Integrated Report 02 Statutory Reports 03 Financial Statements Integrated Report Know our Theme Our Approach to Reporting The Bank at a Glance Financial Highlights Message from the Chairman Corporate Information Message from the Wholetime Directors Business Model Our Business Strategy Our Values Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank Risk Governance Framework Responding to Risks and Opportunities ESG Governance and Material Matters Human Capital Social and Relationship Capital Environment and Sustainability Statutory Reports Board’s Report Board’s Report Annexures Auditor’s Certificate on Corporate Governance Management Discussion & Analysis Key Financial Indicators: Last 10 Years Financial Statements Independent Auditor’s Report – Financial Statements Financial Statements of ICICI Bank Limited Balance Sheet Profit and Loss Account Cash Flow Statement Schedules forming part of the Balance Sheet Schedules forming part of the Profit and Loss Account Schedules forming part of the Accounts Independent Auditor’s Report – Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Financial Statements of ICICI Bank Limited and its Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheet Consolidated Profit & Loss Account Consolidated Cash Flow Statement Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Balance Sheet Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Profit & Loss Account Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Accounts Statement Pursuant to Section 129 of Companies Act, 2013 Basel Pillar 3 Disclosures Glossary of Terms ICICI Bank · Annual Report · FY 2025-26 Download Full Report Home > Integrated Report > Message from the Chairman MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN The Board is committed to ensuring that the Bank is a future-ready, resilient and trustworthy financial institution. Dear shareholders, The Indian economy continues to exhibit resilience despite external headwinds faced over the past year. The economy registered a healthy growth of 7.7% in fiscal 2026. This has been possible due to reforms undertaken over the last few years along with policy stimulus by the Government and Reserve Bank of India (RBI). The reduction in income tax and goods and services tax has supported the revival of consumption during the year. Given low inflation, RBI reduced the policy rate by 100 bps during the financial year which lowered cost of borrowing. The regulator also undertook other significant measures in terms of rationalising regulations and enhancing ease of doing business. These measures helped to offset the impact of higher tariffs as well as the energy supply shock later in the year. With oil prices now at much lower levels, the outlook has improved considerably. The recent measures announced by Government and Reserve Bank of India to attract foreign capital should lead to further improvement in India’s growth outlook and resilience. Importantly, the banking system is sound with strong balance sheets and healthy financial parameters. During fiscal 2026, the Bank has sharpened its strategy of focussing on risk-calibrated profitable growth by optimising all levers of profitability while capitalising on market opportunities. The overall growth in the portfolio was healthy while the risk frameworks ensured resiliency despite volatility throughout the year. The disciplined asset pricing approach along with consistent focus on enhancing the retail deposit franchise and garnering low-cost deposits, enabled the Bank to grow in a competitive market environment while maintaining its profitability. Selection of right counterparties and focus on return of capital continue to underpin our efforts to pursue opportunities across ecosystems and micromarkets. The Bank continues to maintain a resilient balance sheet with prudent provisioning, healthy capital and adequate liquidity position. The Bank continues to strengthen its delivery systems by focussing on simplified processes, enhancing data analytics and leveraging digital public infrastructure. AI technologies are evolving rapidly, and thoughtful adoption of these technologies will provide significant benefits across many areas of banking. The Bank has invested in platforms, built partnerships and created use cases of Generative AI models while ensuring adequate guardrails on data privacy and cybersecurity. The Bank continues to invest in technology infrastructure and cybersecurity, to ensure resilience and safe banking for its customers. The Board continues to focus on the aspects of Environment, Social and Governance (ESG). Considering the cross-functional nature of ESG and to strengthen the Board’s engagement, the mandate of the CSR Committee was enhanced to include oversight on the ESG action plan and disclosures, while the Risk Committee continues to oversee climate and ESG risk related aspects. This, we believe, will bring sharper focus and drive the Bank’s sustainability priorities in an integrated manner. The Bank’s corporate social responsibility initiatives continued to focus on responsible deployment of resources through well-structured programmes and initiatives. During fiscal 2026, of a total amount of ₹9.94 billion committed towards CSR, about half was allocated towards capacitising healthcare facilities to meet future needs. Nature-related projects to address challenges like climate change, biodiversity loss and water security are also being extensively undertaken across the country. We believe that climate stewardship begins with better understanding of our own impact on the environment. The Bank continued to progress on its target of becoming carbon neutral for Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by fiscal 2032, by increasing the proportion of renewable energy and adopting low carbon-emitting technologies and products in its operations. The Bank undertook initiatives like upgradation of air-conditioning systems, recycling of e-waste through authorised vendors and installation of water-saving mechanisms at our premises. During the year, the Bank continued to strengthen its capabilities for measuring and monitoring Scope 3 emissions. The Board is committed to ensuring that the Bank is a future-ready, resilient and trustworthy financial institution. As a systemically important bank, the Board is cognisant of the responsibility it holds in embedding the highest standards of governance as part of relevant policies and frameworks. Our business is underpinned by a culture of compliance and agile risk management practices ensuring responsiveness to a constantly evolving environment. The Bank is sensitive to ensure right-selling of products to customers with a focus on the principle of ‘Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank’. The Bank focusses on building a service-oriented culture and prioritising ethical conduct in all its engagements. India has navigated the recent external headwinds and uncertainties effectively. Steps taken by the Government to bring in higher investments and integrate the country in the global economy through trade agreements support India’s long-term potential growth outlook. The healthy balance sheets of corporates and banks, fiscal prudence with proactive support given by the policymakers and investment in infrastructure over the past years ensure resilience in uncertain terms and will underpin future growth. The Bank’s steady progress and positive outcomes over the years have strengthened the confidence in our cultural and value principles and the efficacy of our strategy. The Bank will continue to focus on participating in opportunities by leveraging its market standing and prioritising long-term sustainable value creation for all stakeholders. With best wishes, Pradeep Kumar Sinha Chairman Financial Highlights Corporate Information DOWNLOAD CENTER 01 Board's Report 02 Management Discussion and Analysis 03 Financial Statements of ICICI Bank Limited 04 Consolidated Financial Statements of ICICI Bank Limited and its Subsidiaries 05 Key Financial Indicators: Last 10 Years 06 ICICI Bank Annual Report 2025-26 (Full PDF) --> QUICK LINKS www.icici.bank.in Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2025-26 Follow us on: ECO-FRIENDLY --> Go to Top Copyright © 2026 . All rights Reserved. 