 Risk Governance Framework | ICICI Bank Integrated Report 2026 PDF MENU CLOSE MENU CLOSE 01 Integrated Report 02 Statutory Reports 03 Financial Statements Integrated Report Know our Theme Our Approach to Reporting The Bank at a Glance Financial Highlights Message from the Chairman Corporate Information Message from the Wholetime Directors Business Model Our Business Strategy Our Values Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank Risk Governance Framework Responding to Risks and Opportunities ESG Governance and Material Matters Human Capital Social and Relationship Capital Environment and Sustainability Statutory Reports Board’s Report Board’s Report Annexures Auditor’s Certificate on Corporate Governance Management Discussion & Analysis Key Financial Indicators: Last 10 Years Financial Statements Independent Auditor’s Report – Financial Statements Financial Statements of ICICI Bank Limited Balance Sheet Profit and Loss Account Cash Flow Statement Schedules forming part of the Balance Sheet Schedules forming part of the Profit and Loss Account Schedules forming part of the Accounts Independent Auditor’s Report – Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Financial Statements of ICICI Bank Limited and its Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheet Consolidated Profit & Loss Account Consolidated Cash Flow Statement Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Balance Sheet Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Profit & Loss Account Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Accounts Statement Pursuant to Section 129 of Companies Act, 2013 Basel Pillar 3 Disclosures Glossary of Terms ICICI Bank · Annual Report · FY 2025-26 Download Full Report Home > Integrated Report > Risk Governance Framework RISK GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK Focus on preservation and 'Return of Capital' while maintaining resilience against financial and non-financial risks through effective governance and strong risk and compliance framework. As a financial intermediary, the Bank is exposed to various risks, primarily credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, technology risk, cyber risk, third-party risk, compliance risk, legal risk and reputation risk. The Bank is committed to managing material risks and participating in opportunities as part of the strategic approach of risk-calibrated growth in profit before tax excluding treasury. The Board of Directors of the Bank has oversight on all risks in the Bank with specific committees of the Board constituted to facilitate focussed oversight. Most Board-level committees are chaired by Independent Directors and there is adequate representation of Independent Directors on each of these committees. The Board has framed specific mandate for each of these committees. The proceedings and the decision taken by these committees are reported to the Board. The policies approved by the Board of Directors or committees of the Board from time to time constitute the governing framework within which business activities are undertaken. Several groups and sub-groups have been constituted to facilitate independent evaluation, monitoring and reporting of risks. These groups function independently of the business groups. The Risk Management Group is further organised into the Credit Risk Management Group, Market Risk Management Group, Operational Risk Management Group and Financial Crime Prevention Group. The Group is headed by the Group Chief Risk Officer who reports to the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors. The Bank also has Information Security Group for managing cyber and information security risks. The Information Security Group is headed by Chief Information Security Officer (CISO), reporting to Executive Director. The roles of specific committees of the Board constituted to facilitate focussed oversight of various risks are: Credit Committee: Approval of credit proposals as per the authorisation approved by the Board and review of developments in key industrial sectors, non-performing loans, accounts under watch, incremental sanctions, non-fund based exposures, unsecured portfolio, capital market exposures, commercial real estate exposures, retail exposures, exposures to top business groups etc. Audit Committee: Provides direction to the audit function and monitors the quality of internal and statutory audit; responsibilities include examining the financial statements and auditors’ report and overseeing the financial reporting process to ensure fairness, sufficiency and credibility of financial statements. Information Technology Strategy Committee: Approve strategy for IT and policy documents, review performance with reference to IT & IS Key Risk Indicators (KRIs) and conduct periodic review of KRIs to ensure coverage of IT & IS risks, ensure that the IT strategy is aligned with business strategy, ensure proper balance of IT investments for sustaining the Bank's growth, oversee the aggregate funding of IT at Bank-level, ascertain if the management has resources to ensure the proper management of IT risks, review contribution of IT to business, oversee the activities of Digital Council, review technology from a future-readiness perspective, overseeing key projects progress and critical IT systems performance including review of IT capacity requirements and adequacy and effectiveness of Business Continuity Management and Disaster Recovery, review of special IT initiatives, review cyber risk, consider the RBI inspection report/directives received from time to time by the Bank in the areas of information technology and cybersecurity and to review the compliance of various actionables arising out of such reports/directives as may be deemed necessary from time to time and review deployment of skilled resources within Technology and Information Security function so as to ensure effective and efficient deliveries. Risk Committee: Review risk management policies pertaining to credit, market, liquidity, operational, outsourcing, business continuity plan and disaster recovery plan. The functions of the committee also include setting limits for industry or country, review the Bank’s Enterprise Risk Management Framework, Risk Appetite Framework, Stress Testing Framework, Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process and Framework for Capital Allocation. In addition, the Risk Committee reviews risk dashboard covering various risks. The Bank has put in place an Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) and Risk Appetite Framework (RAF) that articulates the risk appetite and drills the same down into a limit framework for various risk categories under which various business lines operate. In addition to the ERM and RAF, portfolio reviews are carried out and presented to the Credit and Risk Committees as per the approved calendar of reviews. Independent Groups for Monitoring Risks Risk Management Group Compliance Group Internal Audit Group Information Security Group The Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP) encompasses capital planning for a four-year time horizon, assessment of material risks and the relationship between risk and capital. Stress testing, which is a key aspect of the ICAAP and the risk management framework, provides an insight on the impact of extreme but plausible scenarios on the Bank’s risk profile and capital position. The Internal Audit Group, being the third line of defence, provides independent assurance that the aforesaid independent groups monitoring the risks in the Bank, are operating in line with policies, regulations and internal standards defined for management of the various risks in the Bank. The Compliance Group, headed by the Group Chief Compliance Officer, oversees regulatory compliance of the Bank, both at the policy and procedures level and at the level of implementation by the respective groups. The Group has unrestricted access to information within the Bank to assess compliance with the regulatory guidelines. The Compliance Group and the Internal Audit Group report to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. The Group Chief Compliance Officer also reports to the MD & CEO of the Bank. The Risk Management Group reports to the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors. The Risk Management, Compliance and Internal Audit Groups have administrative reporting to the Executive Director responsible for Corporate Centre. With increasing digitisation, ensuring effective management and governance of data has become a critical business enabler. To further strengthen data quality, data standardisation and governance around data, a Chief Data Officer (CDO) was appointed in fiscal 2023. The role of the CDO includes creating the governance and processes around data generation and processing and compliance with regulations for customer data captured by the Bank. The CDO is also responsible for implementation of the Bank's Data Governance Policy. CYBERSECURITY GOVERNANCE Cyber risk management is a key component of the risk management framework. In response to the evolving threat landscape, the Bank has established a dedicated Information Security Group (ISG) responsible for cyber and information risk management. To strengthen oversight and objectivity in cyber risk management, the ISG operates under an independent governance structure in line with regulatory expectations. Cybersecurity has multi-level oversight governance, with the Board of Directors holding the ultimate responsibility. Regular updates are provided by the Information Security Group (ISG) of the Bank to the executive Committees, composed of cross-functional members, operate under clearly-defined terms of reference and report their proceedings to the IT Strategy Committee. The Bank maintains a comprehensive suite of policies including the Information Security Policy, Cybersecurity Policy and Information Security Standards and Procedures. These are based on global and domestic regulatory frameworks and industry standards, including: RBI Cybersecurity Framework, NCIIPC Guidelines for Protection of Critical Information Infrastructure, SEBI Cybersecurity and Resilience Framework, IRDAI Guidelines on Information and Cybersecurity, RBI Guidelines on Reporting of Unusual Cybersecurity Incidents, NIST Cybersecurity Framework. In jurisdictions outside India, the Bank also complies with relevant local regulatory requirements. These policies are reviewed periodically and updated to address emerging risks, regulatory changes and evolving threat scenarios. The Bank is mindful of risks posed by AI-based cyber-attacks and is taking steps to identify, assess and mitigate the emerging risks through a risk-based and adaptive cybersecurity approach and framework. Controls for IT Infrastructure Application Security Life Cycle (ASLC), Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing (VAPT), Antivirus, Vendor Risk Assessment Firewall, Intrusion Detection System (IDS) Web Application Firewall Access Management Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) Mitigation Network Segmentation Endpoint Protection Patch Management Secure Configuration Baseline Data Loss Prevention (DLP) The Bank follows a secure-by-design approach, embedding security controls across system development and infrastructure lifecycle Security Operation Centre (SOC) Monitoring Network Operation Centre (NOC) Monitoring RED Teaming Exercises Extended Detection and Response Attack Surface Management Incident Response Plan Cyber Crisis Management Plan (CCMP) Forensic Agreements with Partners Automated Incident Response (SOAR) Incident response processes are periodically tested to ensure preparedness and effectiveness in handling cyber incidents These exercises are integral to evaluate the Bank’s detection and response capabilities, as well as reinforcing a culture of cyber vigilance across the organisation. Outcomes of such exercises are reviewed at senior management levels and necessary improvements are incorporated into the Bank’s cybersecurity framework. Cyber risk is monitored through multiple Key Risk Indicators (KRIs) and dashboards. A 24x7 Security Operations Centre (SOC) enables near real-time monitoring and threat detection, while periodic internal and external audits help strengthen controls. To ensure operational resilience, the Bank regularly conducts Business Continuity Planning (BCP) and Disaster Recovery (DR) drills. These exercises assess the Bank’s ability to maintain critical business functions and minimise disruption to people, processes and infrastructure during unforeseen events. The effectiveness of the DR framework is periodically validated against defined Recovery Time Objectives (RTOs). To safeguard sensitive information, the Bank has implemented a Data Loss Prevention (DLP) system covering endpoints, emails and web gateways. The Bank's Data Centre and SOC are ISO 27001 certified, underscoring our commitment to maintaining enhanced cybersecurity and data protection standards. With rapid digitisation and the increasing sophistication of cyber threats, timely response to incidents is crucial. The Bank has established a dedicated Cybersecurity Incident Response Team (CSIRT) that operates in line with a well-defined Incident Response Plan (IRP). The CSIRT is equipped to respond swiftly and effectively to security incidents, limiting potential impact and ensuring continuity of critical services. Through high standard of governance, proactive risk management and a culture of security awareness, the Bank aims to safeguard stakeholder interests and reinforce resilience in an increasingly digital environment. The Bank remains committed to safeguarding customer trust. As such, data protection is treated with the same priority as the quality of banking services delivered. Proactive awareness campaigns are regularly conducted to educate customers on secure practices when using digital channels. PARTICIPATION IN EXTERNAL CYBERATTACK SIMULATIONS The Bank places emphasis on continuous preparedness to counter evolving cyber threats. As part of this commitment, the Bank conducts and actively participates in a range of cybersecurity attack simulation exercises, including: Spear phishing simulations targeting employees to strengthen user awareness Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack drills involving Internet Service Providers (ISPs) Social engineering simulations to test physical security at critical infrastructure sites such as data centres There were no material incidents of security breaches or data loss during fiscal 2026. The Bank continues to strengthen its controls to mitigate emerging cyber threats and ensure resilience. Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank Responding to Risks and Opportunities DOWNLOAD CENTER 01 Board's Report 02 Management Discussion and Analysis 03 Financial Statements of ICICI Bank Limited 04 Consolidated Financial Statements of ICICI Bank Limited and its Subsidiaries 05 Key Financial Indicators: Last 10 Years 06 ICICI Bank Annual Report 2025-26 (Full PDF) --> QUICK LINKS www.icici.bank.in Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2025-26 Follow us on: ECO-FRIENDLY --> Go to Top Copyright © 2026 . All rights Reserved. 