                    Bajaj Finance Limited
            Q4 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call

                         April 29, 2026

MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJEEV JAIN ­ VICE CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING
                     DIRECTOR ­ BAJAJ FINANCE LIMITED
                     MR. SANDEEP JAIN ­ CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER AND
                     CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER ­ BAJAJ FINANCE LIMITED

MODERATOR: MR. AJIT KUMAR ­ JM FINANCIAL LIMITED

                                                 Page 1 of 18
Moderator:                                                                                Bajaj Finance Limited
Ajit Kumar:                                                                                         April 29, 2026
Rajeev Jain:
              Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Bajaj Finance Limited Q4 FY'26
              Earnings Conference Call, hosted by JM Financial Limited. As a reminder, all
              participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for
              you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance
              during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on
              your touch note phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.

              I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ajit Kumar, Executive Director, JM Financial
              Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Kumar.

              Thank you, Neerav. Good evening, everyone. This is Ajit Kumar from JM Financial.
              Welcome to Q4 FY'26 Earnings Call of Bajaj Finance Limited. On behalf of JM
              Financial, I would like to thank Bajaj Finance management for giving us the
              opportunity to host them. To discuss the earnings, I'm pleased to welcome Mr.
              Rajeev Jain, Vice Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Sandeep Jain, Chief
              Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of the
              management team.

              I now invite Mr. Rajeev Jain for his opening remarks, post which we will open the
              floor for Q&A. Over to you, Rajeev.

              Thank you, Ajit. Thank you, JM. Good evening or good morning, depending on the
              geography that you're in, and welcome to BFL Q4 earnings call. The investor deck
              for Q4 has been uploaded on our website. I hope you had an opportunity to go
              through the same. I'll focus on key updates for Q4, year gone by, and management
              assessment before open the floor for Q&A. I expect to take between 20 to 25-odd
              minutes.

              Let me just quickly jump to panel number 4. Let me just clarify and it's given in
              yellow there that these numbers are before onetime actions and a set of
              presentation changes. Overall, I would say, from a company standpoint, it was a
              pretty strong quarter across all key metrics of volume, new customer addition, AUM
              growth, credit cost, profit growth, return on assets and return on equity.

              During the quarter, the company crossed the milestone of INR 5 lakh crores AUM.
              It's a proud moment for us as a company to end the quarter at approximately INR
              510,000 crores. In Q4, AUM grew by 22.4% and PAT grew by 26.7%. In Q4, AUM grew
              by a record INR 25,500-odd crores. We booked 12.9 million loans and added 3.93
              million new customers to the franchise. Overall, the customer franchise as of FY'26,
              March stood at 119.3 million customers.

              Let me now go to Panel 5. It's a little busy slide. There are set of one-timers
              pertaining to Q4 FY'25 and Q4 FY'26.

              Page 2 of 18
                                                                            Bajaj Finance Limited
                                                                                      April 29, 2026

The principal objective of this panel is to provide a simplified reconciliation of core
financial performance with that of reported numbers. That's the objective. Let me
start, first of all, with Q4 FY'25 last year. In Q4 last year, the company had recorded
an additional ECL provision of INR 359 crores. Also in Q4 FY'25, the company had
recorded a tax benefit of INR 348 crores. That's Q4 last year.

In Q4 this year, the company has taken an additional ECL provision of INR 142
crores towards management and macroeconomic overlay. That's point number
one. Two, the company has also revised disclosure of recoveries against written-
off loans. This was earlier presented under other operating income. It will
henceforth effective Q4 FY'26 will be reported under loan losses and provisions as
a net number. This has no impact on PBT and PAT for the quarter, but changes the
ratios. It principally leads to redefining 2 key metrics, which are important for
investors and for us as management, which is opex to NTI and loan loss to average
AR.

As a result of this change, the opex to NTI is increasing from 33.2%, which is what
it has come in to 33.8% as a result of this reporting change. And loan loss to average
AR is reducing from 1.75% to 1.65% , this is really how we will report going forward
as a company. The analysts will have to adjust the numbers to reflect this.

I will summarize once again, this panel principally is intended to help clearly depict
the core profitability, which has seen a growth of 26% on PBT, as you can see, and
27% for PAT. I'll quickly cover the key points on Panel 6, 7 and 8. I'll only cover the
high points. As I already said, AUM crossed INR 5 lakh crores. The growth was pretty
secular across all businesses. The gold loan portfolio continued to witness strong
momentum. It grew by 115%. The business now contributes to 3.5% overall AUM.
We foresee gold loan portfolio to probably cross 5-odd percent of total AUM by
FY'27.

Other lines of businesses also continue to grow in a healthy manner. That's covered
in Panel 67 later in the slides. MSME continue to see muted growth. It grew by 6%
only on account of a set of proactive risk actions that we have been taking since
Q2 FY'26. We expect that it should come back to double-digit growth or the
company growth momentum between Q2 and Q3 of FY'27. Cost of funds improved
by 4 basis points in Q4 and came in at 7.41%. NIM remained steady.

Deposit book came in at INR 68,533 crores. It contributed to 16% of consolidated
borrowings. Opex to NTI, going back to the earlier point that I made, came in at
33.8% in Q4 as against 33.6%. These are new numbers. Otherwise, it came in at
33.2% an improvement of 10 basis points versus Q4 last year. There was a marginal
increase sequentially, primarily due to, I'm talking sequential on account of cost of
new Labour Code and accelerated gold loan branch expansion.

                      Page 3 of 18
                                                                            Bajaj Finance Limited
                                                                                      April 29, 2026

AI implementation continues to accelerate across the length and the breadth of
the company, and I'll cover that shortly. Full-time employees stood at 71,613
employees. We added just a tad below 1,800 employees in Q4, 50% of them were
actually in gold loan and MFI. Loan loss to average AUM as what investors have
been used to came in at 175 basis points or 1.75% as against 1.97% in same period
last year or Q4 FY25.

Stage 2 and Stage 3 assets, just to give you a texture on credit quality, have
sequentially reduced by INR 430-odd crores. We've seen continued improvement
on this metric through FY26 over the last 3 quarters. The vintage credit
performance, which does not show up in loan loss to average AUM across 3 MOB,
6 MOB, 9 MOB continues to reflect significant improvement in credit quality and
gives me reasonably high degree of optimism about credit cost outlook for FY27.

I'll also cover 2 key points, which will further reflect our confidence on credit cost
outlook for next fiscal, which I'll cover in a moment, but GNPA, NNPA came in at
1.01% and NNPA came in at 41 basis points. Provision coverage ratio was at 60% as
against 54% same time last year. The point that I made on credit quality, a
reasonable amount of credit cost in the previous year came in from the MSME lines
of business, which, as I said, we've already taken proactive reduction by close to
30%.

That's why it grew by 6% in full year where the company grew by 22.5%. It should
be back in growth mode. And I think in our assessment, the worst is behind us by
June '26. The captive 2-wheeler and 3-wheeler business, which now contributes
to less than 1% of AUM, but even in Q4 accounted for 13% of GNPA and 5% of overall
credit cost in Q4. This book will principally just wind down to less than INR 1,500-
odd crores by September '26, it will lead to further improvement in GNPA and
should result in lower credit cost for FY27. Let me now just cover FinAI
transformation. There are 5 panels. They may seem heavy, but I want to spend just
a moment to make a point that why we're providing reasonable amount of coverage
on FinAI transformation that there's a principal difference between deploying use
cases and transformation.

Fundamentally, transformation is about reshaping the business model and in
general, covers all aspects of business. I just want to highlight that we are doing
transformation, and we are not just doing use case deployment. That's why we are
presenting the expanse of the work company is doing on AI. So that's just one point
I want to leave.

We expect FY27 to be probably the busiest year from a FinAI transformation in
terms of outcomes, inputs and outputs as a firm and significant amount of time,
effort and energy of management team over the last 15-18 months is going into it.
And should start to reflect in terms of the way consumer and employees
experience us as a company in FY27.

                      Page 4 of 18
                                                                            Bajaj Finance Limited
                                                                                      April 29, 2026

Just to give you some texture on the transformation work, I'm on Panel 9. The
company -- I mean, the biggest part of AI is about whether you have the talent or
not. We have 203 people in the firm who are dedicated as the AI unit. We are
expanding that to 363-odd resources by June'27. So we continue to expand the AI
resourcing to ensure it can meet our aspirations and ambitions of becoming an
FinAI firm.

The step number 1 in FinAI transformation clearly is about Data for AI, 52 million
voice-to-data conversion happened, around 2.3 million text-to-data conversion
happened and leading to significantly better insights on engagements or
conversations with customers. AI-generated digital banners and videos are
enabling faster and cost-efficient marketing and discovery infrastructure.

Almost 100% of our videos are now AI-generated. On customer engagement, 27 AI,
voice and text BOT's are now live and all customer engagement is going into BOT
interface by June'26. By June'26, any communication across any channel by us as
a firm, whether for sales, service, DMS would have a text AI BOT in it. So across 32
different lines of businesses that we run, plus a whole host of services.

And we send, as I've said in the past, 260-odd million pieces of communication on

a monthly basis. All of them will have a bot embedded in it. On  customer

onboarding, AI-based data extraction, auto fill application, product level scans,

label scans, auto QC are increasingly reducing manual effort, improving

controllership and straight-through processing.

There are a whole host of numbers I've given here. The idea is to all the way
between Panel 9, 10 and 13, there are numbers that you can see here. As I said, the
intent is to principally give you a texture that how we are structurally going process
by process and asking a question, why can AI not be deployed in these processes
rather than why it can be deployed.

The most important dimension, I'm on Panel 12 is we'll start to deploy agentic
platforms from an architecture and road map standpoint. In FY27, we expect to
deploy 600-plus autonomous agents and across operations, DMS, HR, technology
and risk. That's really on AI. We can take more questions. I don't want to take more
time talking about it.

Let me just quickly go to full year performance. That's Panel 20. At a core-to-core
level, it was a strong year for the company across all key metrics. And I think I'm
reasonably confident that we are getting back into a strong growth momentum
across all key metrics as a firm. We crossed 2 milestones, as I said, INR 5 lakh crores
AUM and 50 million new loans. The year so far has started off pretty well. It's likely
for the first time, we've never done 5 million loans in a month.

Page 5 of 18
                                                                            Bajaj Finance Limited
                                                                                      April 29, 2026

I mean, while the West Asia conflict is going on one hand, when we look at the
consumer momentum on the ground, it's very likely we'll cross 5 million-plus loans
in the month. Our last peak was 4.6-odd million loans, and that was in festival
period. So clearly, the company continues to generate momentum.

Overall, last year, we booked 52.5 million loans and added 17.5 million new
customers on a full year basis. AUM, I talked about grew 22%. PAT grew 24%, ROA,
and opex to NTI I talked about it, showed an improvement of 36 basis points despite
rapid expansion of gold loan branches, reasonable expansion of MFI branches by
the firm last year.

So that's really on the full year performance. You guys anyway track it, so I don't
have to cover that. Let me cover what is important as to how do we see the outlook
to be. Just on the previous year gone by, the Board of Directors have
recommended a dividend to shareholders of INR 6 per equity share.

So that's a 600% dividend. It's broadly in line with the dividend last year as we had
outlined that part of the dilution that we do in BHFL will be shared with the
shareholders. So, we've in that spirit, continue to stay on course of that as well. So
that's really last year. Let me now go to important panel as to how do we see the
management assessment to be from a next fiscal standpoint.

As I said, the year so far seems to have started pretty well. We are well on course
to cross 5 million loans in a single month as a firm. I'm on Panel 28. Of course, I must
just flag that the FY27 assessment is based on expectations of easing geopolitical
tensions and macro stability. That -- I'm sure, it's understood, but I thought it's
important I make the point yet again that it's contingent upon easing geopolitical
tensions and macro stability.

Subject to that, the first point is on transformation making the business AI ready. I
have already talked about it. We will see significant acceleration and deployment
of AI use cases across revenue, cost, customer engagement, underwriting,
controllership, security as a firm. In terms of customer franchise, we continue to
be confident of adding 15 - 17 million new customers in FY27.

In terms of AUM, we're confident of a 20% to 24% AUM growth, aided by new
businesses that we've launched in the last few years as they begin to scale. Even
last year, they contributed 3% of the total growth. Rather 3.5% of total growth even
in the previous fiscal. And as we gain greater confidence, our market share in those
businesses and their contribution to the business should grow.

NIM, we expect marginal moderation. It's a little bit contingent on how interest
rates play out, caused by geopolitical tensions. On opex to NTI, we expect to see
continued improvement of 25 to 40 basis points from current levels. On credit cost,

                      Page 6 of 18
Moderator:                                                                                     Bajaj Finance Limited
Abhishek Murarka:                                                                                        April 29, 2026

                   this is a new credit cost metric, which, as I said we just reported a 165 basis points
                   or 1.65% credit cost to AUM, the revised metric.

                   We expect this to continue to trend down. The reasons I talked about earlier, which
                   is winding down of 2-wheeler portfolio and in the MSME business being out of the
                   woods by June'26. In terms of profitability, we are pretty optimistic about the profit
                   growth. ROA came in as of fourth quarter at 4.6%. We continue to guide for 4.4% to
                   4.6%.

                   Return on equity came in at 20% in the current quarter, we continue to guide for
                   19% to 20%. And GNPA and NNPA, we expect them to remain range bound and well
                   within our long-term guidance. I think that's really all I have to cover. Just quickly
                   on BHFL, company has already reported its performance.

                   They had a good quarter on disbursements, AUM, asset quality, opex and profit,
                   their disbursements and AUM growth remained strong at 23%. Their loan approvals
                   are up a record 37%, opex to NTI continued to improve for them, came in at 19.2%
                   as against 21.8%. I'm sure Atul has shared what his long-term view on where he
                   foresees opex to NTI to get to, to be a pre-eminent mortgage company in this
                   country.

                   PBT for them in Q4 grew by 20% and PAT excluding onetime reversals, grew by
                   20% and asset quality continue to remain very, very healthy with GNPA and NNPA
                   at 27 and 11 basis points respectively. BFSL though small, continues to grow,
                   delivered a 77% growth in AUM and their profits were up 50%.

                   We added 124,000 new customers in Q4 and delivered an ROE of 10.5%. So that's
                   really on BFL Q4 and its subsidiaries, the management guidance for FY27. Just the
                   last point, which I did not cover, I should have covered in terms of portfolio quality
                   across Panel 70 onwards, continue to all be in green are seeing sequential
                   improvements across all portfolios.

                   Only business loan and professional loans is yellow, which I've articulated twice
                   over the last 20 minutes on how we foresee that this should turn. This will not turn
                   green in a quarter because the denominator also has a role to play as it starts to
                   grow by Q2 or Q3, we will start to see this turn to green. That's really the quarter
                   gone by, year gone by and our guidance or management assessment for next year.
                   We are happy to take questions with management.

                   Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. The
                   first question is from the line of Abhishek Murarka from HSBC. Please go ahead.

                   Hi, Rajeev, hi Sandeep. Thanks for taking my question. So just to get this whole
                   guidance of credit costs very clear, if you don't mind, can I refer to the press release
                   where you've given a summary of consolidated financial results?

                   Page 7 of 18
                                                                            Bajaj Finance Limited
                                                                                     April 29, 2026

Rajeev Jain:       Please.
Abhishek Murarka:
                   Yes, so there, your number is gross loan provisions of INR 2,126 crores and then
Rajeev Jain:       INR 260 crores of recovery. So the net loan provision is INR 1,866 crores. That INR
Abhishek Murarka:  1,866 crores works out to 165 bps in 4Q. And against that, you're guiding for 145 to
Rajeev Jain:       160 bps next year, full year. Is that the right understanding? Yes, that is perfect,
Abhishek Murarka:  right?

Rajeev Jain:       Yes.
Abhishek Murarka:
Rajeev Jain:       And just the annual number, INR 7,934 that works out to 175. So on an annual basis,
Abhishek Murarka:  175 goes down to 145 to 160?
Rajeev Jain:
                   That's perfect.
Sandeep Jain:
                   Perfect. Okay. So now in this 145 to 160, as you said this takes into account the de-
Rajeev Jain:       escalation of geopolitical issues. So here, you have not accounted for any kind of
Moderator:         adverse impact of this geopolitical issues, right?
Shreya Shivani:
                   No.

                   If anything comes up second half or something, then this may go up depending on
                   how things play out in?

                   Yes. The important point, however, you finish Abhishek?

                   No. That is it. Please go ahead.

                   I would just say the more important point or a meta point in this is we are entering
                   the year on credit costs with tailwinds. Headwind over headwind virtually would
                   consume twice the fuel. Thankfully, we are entering the year with tailwinds. We
                   have momentum. We can navigate even if the environment weaken. I think that's
                   how I am looking at the business at this point in time.

                   So I think what Rajeev is trying to say is some level of conservatism in terms of
                   doing the number crunching and giving a guidance of 145 to 160 has been done.
                   We have to wait and see how situation evolves eventually.

                   No, I'm also making a point that we have tailwinds on credit cost. We don't have
                   headwinds. So that itself is a big help.

                   Thank you. Abhishek, I will request you to come back for a follow-up question. Next
                   question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from Nomura. Please go ahead.

                   Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. My question is on the long-term guidance of
                   ROA probably inching towards 4.3 - 4.7 percentage. I mean for FY27, I understand
                   you've given the explanation on opex and probably that will be the bigger driver.

                            Page 8 of 18
Rajeev Jain:                                                                                 Bajaj Finance Limited
Shreya Shivani:                                                                                        April 29, 2026
Rajeev Jain:
                 But if you can help us get into the details of this 4.3 to 4.7 over the longer term that
Sandeep Jain:    you've spoken about?

Moderator:       Also for FY27, as per the, the basic math that I was picking up, you may need a little
                 bit more NIM expansion to achieve the ROA guidance for FY27. Is my understanding
                 correct or not? Please let us know. Yes.

                 Sorry, just repeat the last point.

                 So for FY27 also, as per my math, you will need a NIM expansion also or at least a
                 NIM stable flat NIM or an expanding NIM to achieve the ROA guidance for FY27?

                 Yes. Okay. Got it. See, the answer is to the second part is, no. See, look, if you go
                 back to -- if you go to Panel 35, which is a 19-year long snapshot, feels like --
                 doesn't feel like that long actually, 19 years. If you see since FY20, forget FY21, but
                 even if you take FY18, '19, 4.2%, 4.1%, FY22, 4.2%, FY23, 5.3%, 5.1%, 4.6%, 4.3%.

                 I think numbers speak for themselves. I'll add a dimension of ROE. ROE guidance of
                 20 to 22 last 6 years, adjusted for COVID speaks for themselves and during this
                 period, as you can see from a balance sheet standpoint, the balance sheet moved
                 from INR115,000 crores to now INR510,000 crores.

                 So it should give you confidence that we can continue to sustain the ROA, at times
                 by expanding margins, at times by reducing cost, at times by reducing credit cost.
                 These are the 3 principal levers either 4 levers rather, growth, margin expansion,
                 operating expense and credit costs, depending on how -- what the environment
                 is, what is the state of the business. We orchestrate these 4 to deliver an outcome
                 of 4.3% to 4.7% ROA and 20% to 22% ROE to investors on a long-term basis.

                 Yes. And just to help you with the math on 4.6%, the guidance metric for the next
                 year on ROA. And that's the reason why Rajeev when he presented the financial
                 statement and numbers, he said, look at the core financial performance. If you look
                 at core financial performance for last year, the ROA came in at 4.6%. And the
                 guidance that we are giving for next year is 4.4% to 4.6%.

                 I don't think that there will be a need for NIM expansion in the next year to be able
                 to deliver that. We have to ensure that we grow nicely, which is where the 22% to
                 24% guidance has been given. And we have to ensure that we remain reasonably
                 anchored on the operating performance of the company, which is opex to NTI as a
                 metric and loan loss to credit -- loan loss to average AR. As we deliver that, I think
                 there is enough and more headroom available in the ROA profile of the company.

                 Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup.
                 Please go ahead.

                 Page 9 of 18
Kunal Shah:                                                                                Bajaj Finance Limited
Sandeep Jain:                                                                                        April 29, 2026

Rajeev Jain:   Yes. So on the growth guidance, 22% to 24% apart from SME, which is almost
               bottomed out, we have started to see the sequential growth and we will get into
               double digits. Ex of that when we and the newer businesses, where do we see we
               would be able to grow at a pace faster than the overall AUM growth? And which
               segments do you still believe could continue to lag, so particularly on our core
               segments as well. If you can highlight that, that would be helpful? Yes.

               Yes. So Kunal, the idea would be to maintain the portfolio mix. I think that's very,
               very dear to us. That gives us the right balance of risk and profitability. So that's
               going to be the agenda for next year as well. Having said so, I think when you look
               at current year number of 22.4% of AUM growth, this is impacted by two things:
               one, the captive 2-wheeler 3-wheeler financing business has seen an attrition of
               60%. That's almost INR6,500 crores of attrition that we have recorded in the
               current year on account of winding down of captive business. That's one.

               Second, MSME, the growth used to be 25%, 28%, 30%, has been brought down to
               6%. These 2 business, one, the impact of captive dial down will be much, much
               lesser in the next year. MSME should start to come back into some growth
               momentum to double-digit number from second half onwards. These 2 things
               should provide tailwind on the overall growth number.

               Having said so, there are a few businesses which are in nature, like gold loan
               financing, tractors, CV and so on and so forth. They may grow faster than rest of
               the business because of very, very low base. Of course, gold is not -- no longer a
               low base it's INR18,000 crores in the balance sheet. But given that we are taking a
               growth stance in that business of doubling down on our branch presence in that
               business in the next year, we are reasonably hopeful that, that should lead the
               overall growth profile of the company for the next year as well.

               And Rajeev did make a point that the current contribution of gold loan is about 3.5%
               of the balance sheet. All goes well, which should start to look towards 5% kind of
               number in the next year as well. So these are some of the business where we see
               there could be an additional growth potential. Having said so, we find secular
               growth opportunity across all businesses, and our market share in most of the
               businesses continues to remain small, allowing us significant headroom for growth
               perspective.

               Just the last point I'll make, Kunal, if you plot Panel 63 of composition of our
               balance sheet over a period of even last 5 years, you will not see material
               movement at all actually. So you will see very little movement. Number one, the
               base of each one of them is very large. I mean there are moments like gold loans
               that come once in a while. Otherwise, you will see a reasonable secular growth and
               a reasonably diversified portfolio.

               Page 10 of 18
Moderator:                                                                                   Bajaj Finance Limited
Piran Engineer:                                                                                        April 29, 2026
Rajeev Jain:
                 Thank you. Next question is from the line of Piran Engineer from CLSA. Please go
Sandeep Jain:    ahead.
Rajeev Jain:
                 Yes, hi, team. Congrats on the really strong set of numbers. I'll try to squeeze in two
                 questions, if you don't mind. Firstly, can you just share some portfolio cuts or what
                 you're seeing in the environment that gives you the confidence to pick up on MSME
                 growth? That's my first question. Second question is in new consumer products
                 like car loans, gold loans, etcetera, how many -- like what percentage of our
                 business comes from existing customers and how many from new customers?

                 Yes. So Piran, if you recall, in Q3, I made a point that I'm not necessarily a very big
                 believer in macro. We are a micro business. You'll find it in transcript of last quarter.
                 At a design level, MSME is a very, very large sector. You just have to pick what you
                 can digest from a risk standpoint. And that's really what we're doing.

                 Even at this point of time, as we speak, based on our assessment, we have pruned
                 business INR100-odd crores. We monthly do around -- we used to do INR1,800
                 crores. We brought it down to INR1,400 crores. We have further taken cuts in the
                 current month based on our understanding.

                 But as I mentioned, the guidance next year is based on stabilized -- stable
                 environment and geopolitical environment and macro stability. We are very clear
                 about from a micro standpoint, from a location, businesses and underwriting as to
                 what will deliver growth. So I think that's just first part of your -- the answer to your
                 MSME point. And it's a reasonable takeaway for us that our business is -- we know,
                 but that you always remember our business is micro, not macro. I think that's point
                 one. The second point you had asked on.

                 Contribution of new -- existing customers for new business.

                 For new businesses, it's a metric that we drive. So let's say, if you take 2-wheeler
                 as an example, okay? It's a new business, 3 years old, the open architecture 2-
                 wheeler business. The new customer performs better than -- sorry, ETV performs
                 significantly better than NTB. 50% of the 2-wheeler customers that we bring to the
                 table is an ETV customer.

                 Between 43% to 45% of new car financing customers that we bring to the table
                 every month, that's a INR450-odd crores of -- INR450 crores to INR500 crores of
                 volumes we do every month comes from ETV. As I shared as part of our annual
                 investor outlook, the 5-year outlook that business by business, the 120 million
                 franchise, principally has very high wallet share across each line of business that
                 we are in. I gave an example of new car finance.

                 New car finance and used car finance, 35% of all new car finance and used car
                 finance as per bureau data principally comes from this 120 million customers,

                                      Page 11 of 18
Moderator:                                                                                 Bajaj Finance Limited
Kuntal Shah:                                                                                         April 29, 2026
Rajeev Jain:
               okay? Personal loan, our market share is between 8.5% and 9%. At the India level,
Sandeep Jain:  the number is 40% -- 45% of personal loans takers in India come from our 120
Rajeev Jain:   million franchise.

               So I can go on business by business. Risk and wallet and operating leverage, all 3
               require us to focus on this metric across all our 32 lines of businesses. And we track
               it very diligently and ensure that we deliver the mix that we have planned for.

               Next question is from the line of Kuntal Shah from Oaklane Capital.

               I have 2 questions. One is what kind of capex or investment we are going into AI
               infra? Can you give some color and what kind of ROI and payback you are
               envisaging? And secondly is when it will start impacting the P&L via either cost
               saving or some kind of faster turnaround or whatever the metrics you are taking...?

               Kuntal, yes, so benefits, as I said, consumers and employees both should
               experience in the current year what AI does for them. So that's one part. As I said,
               SMS or bots being the simplest example. Walking into 3,000 stores or 2,700 across
               branch -- gold loan branches, customer service branches and in-stores, we will
               deploy close to 2,700 cameras, customer identification, reduce friction, which
               means faster turnaround, which means lower cost. I mean, so better customer
               experience on one side and lower cost on the other.

               AI call center agent is one-third of the cost, straight. That's the -- so we, at a point
               in time, had 5,000 outbound voice agents. That number itself, we have brought
               down, step number one in terms of optimization. And two, 30% of them are now AI
               voice agents. That's one-third of the cost, straight, line by line. Now in terms of
               overall capex, first question to Sandeep, is do we publish capex, or we don't?

               We don't.

               We don't. Otherwise, it will become a new added metric. And we anyway publish
               hundreds of metrics, one more metric will get added. So please excuse us on that.
               But we are not -- but let me make a point. We are not pulling back any stops in
               investing whatever it takes in being front of the seat and center.

               I talked about the talent expansion. It's not easy to get AI talent. Principally, there's
               no concept of AI talent. These are existing machine learning folks who are actually
               being trained. They're training themselves, and we are helping them with use cases
               to convert into AI researchers or AI talent. That's really what we're doing.

               What they need is compute, which is not that easily available. What they need is
               sponsorship, which is not that easily available and what they need is use cases,
               which is not that easily available. We are delivering those 3 to them.

               Page 12 of 18
Anurag Chottani:                                                                              Bajaj Finance Limited
                                                                                                        April 29, 2026
Rajeev Jain:
                  So I think overall, I would say -- and I'll hand it over to Anurag for a moment, he's
Anurag Chottani:  jumping to speak that it is probably one of the most exciting part of the work that
Moderator:        we're doing after a long, long time. So I'll just now hand over to Anurag for him to
Viral Shah:       expand on it.

                  Yes Kuntal, Rajeev covered a lot of use cases. I must also say, we are parallelly
                  investing deeply on the security and the compliance infrastructure as well. So
                  you're aware that RBI has released a FREE-AI framework. So we have consumed
                  and we are in process of implementing the explainability, auditability and the
                  transparency what the FREE-AI report talks about. And parallelly, a lot of
                  investments going into the security architecture as well apart from building the
                  new set of capabilities, what Rajeev talked about it.

                  You will experience, Kuntal, as consumers, on the app very soon, AI summaries will
                  start to appear because there is 120,000 Figmas that we've created over the last 5
                  years. They need summarization, if you simplify the conversation. So just give us
                  3, 4 months and you'll start to see very soon -- we have 71,000 employees. So far,
                  we used to train using PPTs. I spent 33 years working. They'll all transitioning by
                  end of May to Copilots. They'll all use Copilots for -- which is NLP-based
                  infrastructure to get trained. So that's the level of transformation process by
                  process that we are actually in the process of implementing. We are not planning.
                  We are in the process of implementing.

                  And just as an added point. Last year, we processed -- on peak of Diwali on a single
                  day, we processed like 600,000 loans, which without AI, we were like 100,000 loans
                  -- we had capacity to process only 100,000 loans on a single day. So you might see
                  next Diwali, like we'll process close to 1 million loan accounts on a single day as
                  against the numbers that I just mentioned.

                  Next question is from the line of Viral Shah from IIFL Capital.

                  I have 2 questions more connected to each other. So first thing is when I look at
                  the PCR coverage across Stage 1 and 2, especially, I think even versus the last
                  quarter, you have further shored it up in this quarter. And correct me if I'm wrong,
                  now this is basically at almost highest levels that we have seen in our history
                  barring the COVID periods.

                  Do you -- like over here, is there any cushion that has been built up and through
                  the course of next year, you will see some of that unwinding basically, or does your
                  PCR levels remain over here next year or does it reduce?

                  And the connected question to this is the credit cost guidance, Rajeev, you
                  mentioned basically of 1.45% to 1.6%. Does this -- the change versus 165 to 175
                  basis points in the last quarter you guided for FY27, is this purely because of the
                  change in the presentation of the recoveries?

                                       Page 13 of 18
                              Bajaj Finance Limited
                                       April 29, 2026

Rajeev Jain:         No. No.

Sandeep Jain:        So I think your assessment is correct versus 165 to 175 that Rajeev -- that becomes
                     145 to 170 because of the change in the presentation. Your assessment is correct
                     on that. As regard the ECL provisioning across Stage 1, Stage 2, Stage 3, this is a
                     bottoms-up exercise that we do every year. We are moving from yearly exercise to
                     quarterly exercise. These are bottoms-up calculation done by product, where we
                     are ensuring that we remain true to the model.

                     The idea is to focus on resiliency of the balance sheet and the provision coverage
                     ratio. I have reason to believe the numbers should remain in this corridor. We get
                     opportunity, we will further up the NPA on provision coverage ratio to ensure that
                     we are bullet proofing the balance sheet from any kind of potential impact that one
                     could witness maybe 3, 5, 7, 10 years down the line.

                     So resiliency and bullet proofing of the balance sheet are the 2 most important
                     parameters that we also look at when we do a complete remodeling of ECL. All the
                     places where we can identify items for making more provisions to credit
                     cushioning, we do keep doing those activities.

Moderator:           Next question is from the line of Shubhranshu Mishra from PhillipCapital.

Shubhranshu Mishra:  Two or three questions. The first one is, how do we split the opex into cost of
                     acquisition and cost of collections? What would be these two as a proportion of the
                     opex? Second is in terms of risk management, how many people do we have on
                     rolls for collection? And how many feet on street of the collection agencies we
                     have?

                     Third is when I do a back calculation basis, our growth and the ROA metric, just a
                     rough calculation, the profit growth would be upwards of 35% versus the 22% AUM
                     growth. Is that a fair assessment? We are looking at 35%, 40% kind of growth levels
                     in profit in FY'27?

Rajeev Jain:         Shubhranshu, I need AI for all the 3 questions. They're all 3 different. But on a
                     lighter vein, Sandeep?

Sandeep Jain:        Yes. So on the opex side, I think the results sheet carries additional breakups in
                     terms of expenditure that we incur. Of course, the sourcing cost, to the extent it is
                     variable in nature, gets accounted as EIR in the interest income line. So that's not
                     separately identifiable. But the recovery commission and the cost that we incur for
                     collecting money from the customers and doing DMS debt management services
                     is shown as fees and commission expenditure separately in the results sheet. I
                     won't repeat the number, but those numbers are there for everyone to consume.

                     As regard the profit growth for the next year, 22% to 24% growth in AUM should
                     lead to a little better growth in profitability because if we are supposed to deliver

                                          Page 14 of 18
Rajeev Jain:                                                                               Bajaj Finance Limited
Moderator:                                                                                           April 29, 2026
Omkar:
Sandeep Jain:  operating efficiency growth of 25% to 40% that Rajeev has talked about, if we see
               improvement in -- basis points. If we see improvement in loan loss to average AR
Rajeev Jain:   as a metric in the next year, even with a marginal moderation that we are talking
               about from NIM perspective, which is also documented as part of the assessment
               for next year.

               There is a possibility that the P&L growth may be faster for the next year than the
               balance sheet growth. I don't think that I've done a math internally which suggests
               a 35% number to me, but I'll be more than happy to be positively surprised if the
               number were to come. As Rajeev said, we'll probably need AI to be able to deliver
               that.

               But we have tailwinds. I made the point earlier. I would just make a point,
               Shubhranshu, we have tailwinds subject to geopolitical stability, we should be in
               good place.

               Next question is from the line of Omkar from Shree Investments.

               So in the Investor meet, which you do every year, you have guided that it's not
               about the question of growth, but how quickly you can compound. So given the
               state of the current balance sheet size, you have guided for 22% to 24% for the
               current financial year. But like how does it compare with your overall long-term
               guidance of around 17% to 19%, 20% kind of growth?

               I think the long-term guidance that we give at this point in time is between 22%
               and 24%, 25% kind of corridor. And based on the current performance that we have
               delivered and the momentum that we see across businesses, we are reasonably
               confident that 20% to 24% should be achievable for next year. And I think it's year-
               by-year, right? So long-term commitment continues to remain to be anchored at
               20% plus number '22, '23, '24. For the next year, 22% and 24%, and then build on
               top of it in the future.

               I'll just make a point that, look, for INR100,000 crore addition in balance sheet, the
               growth in total or market share growth in total credit, if you take the denominator
               as total credit in India. So gross bank credit plus NBFC credit minus bank lending to
               NBFC. That's net total credit in India, okay? Our market share would have moved
               from 225 basis points to 250 basis points. If India total credit grew by 12%, we have
               grown by 22%, okay?

               We should largely be growing 2x. I would say, given our relative market share, not
               our absolute size, given our relative market share, we should be as a firm aspiring
               to grow 2x of what the system growth is so that we can meet our ambition to be
               among the top 5, 6 financial services lenders in this country over a period of next
               5 to 7 years' time. So that's the way I would approach this, and we continue to
               approach it that way.

                                    Page 15 of 18
Moderator:                                                                                Bajaj Finance Limited
Bharat Shah:                                                                                        April 29, 2026

              Absolutely it looks big, INR100,000 crore addition. Market share growth, 25 basis
              points. So I think there is -- and as I said earlier, the franchise has very large wallet
              share as we deliver on customer centricity that I talked about in our Annual
              Investor conference on our Annual Investor Day, we are investing very deep on
              customer centricity, Overlay on that AI transformation.

              Take customer centricity and AI transformation, the compounding should become
              easier, I would say, okay? Actually, I would say it will become easier rather than
              harder. The absolute size makes it look harder. But as we take the customer
              centricity, which is focused on customer wallet and AI transformation, we are doing
              all this to make compounding easier. The principal compounding to me is what is
              the return on equity.

              I think we continue to hold at a INR100 invested in us, principally generates a 20%,
              22%, INR22, fixed deposits give you 7%, we are giving you INR20. And we are giving
              that for the last 10, 11 years. And we believe that we can continue to compound
              shareholder value in terms of return on equity for a long, long period of time.

              Next question is from the line of Bharat Shah from BCS Capital Ideas.

              Delighted to see the good results. I just had one broad question. If we see the
              evolution of Bajaj Finance and if we see the period prior to COVID, and I draw
              distinction for the period after COVID. So generally out of the 4 levers, the growth
              of the assets, the margin, the cost intensity or cost diminution and the credit cost,
              these 4 levers leading to ROA and in terms degrading leading to ROE.

              So if I see prior to COVID generally every element plays like a good nod in the overall
              symphony and therefore there was a rising crescendo. Typically, the yields and
              cost of the funds were managed to give typically a good or rising kind of NIM. The
              growth has always been very focused and strongly delivered vertical -- by
              vertically business segment by segment.

              And therefore, given good usage of technology we delivered even the cost metrics
              very efficiently over the period of time. And given our very strong discipline on
              credit cost management that also played a perfect part to the symphony. Even if
              there was some one note, out of the 4 notes, which might be playing a little jarring
              note at a particular point, overall symphony in terms of return on asset and return
              on equity, typically tended to be buoyant and in our favour.

              Post-COVID, that equation has been a little more middling type where generally,
              the final symphony outcome in form of ROE is still healthy by miles compared to
              any benchmark anywhere. But compared to our own benchmark, the crescendo
              has not been rising, but kind of, so to say, undulating one up and down type.

              Page 16 of 18
Rajeev Jain:                                                                              Bajaj Finance Limited
                                                                                                    April 29, 2026

              Due to finally with the AI in play with a lot of attenuating factors hopefully behind
              us. Now are we really poised in a way where all the notes kind of combined together
              to produce a rising crescendo rather than kind of even or at times falling crescendo
              that we saw. Instead of that, on a more long-term basis, we are slated for the rising
              crescendo.

              Okay, your observation is correct. I think first point. Point number two, I think pre-
              COVID to now, Bharat, company is 4x, INR140,000 crores balance sheet, 3.5x. We
              are INR510,000 crores. That's point number two. But through this period, the return
              on assets have grown. Through this period, if you take only 2 measures of return
              on assets and return on equity have remained and I'm on Panel 35, we were at FY19,
              22.5%. We had just raised FY20, 20.2% and we have remained between 19% and
              20%. So that's point 2.

              Now come to post-COVID. Now COVID was a big shock. Shock led to post, and as
              an operating manager, I'm speaking, post-COVID, there was a massive boom. That
              boom we leveraged by principally expanding lines of businesses, expanding
              locations very rapidly, investing very deep in digital transformation, these 3,
              expanding in the process teams, high ROA, high ROE, if you have pulled ROE in FY23
              went to a peak of 23.5%.

              You know, good times lead to what I would call, and I'm being as objective and fair
              doing my performance assessment of last 5 and pre-COVID, lead to some level of
              what I would call in boom cycles, you take a set of decisions, which necessarily are,
              should be more calibrated is how I would respond. I think in the last 18 months,
              we've calibrated those responses, okay?

              And to summarize the point, you should see us from here on in a reasonable cruise
              mode. Sandeep made a point in the passing. At a design level, I have made that
              point to various investors that at INR510,000 crores, we are by far the largest. We
              are a very important player in terms of even overall credit in the country. It's our
              fiduciary responsibility to ensure we are highly resilient, can take any shocks.

              We are, Sandeep made a point on bullet proofing the balance sheet. We will be a
              bulletproof business. While delivering as a firm a 20%, 22% ROE and a 22% to 24%
              balance sheet growth. We think that we should be from here on in a lot more cruise
              mode. So that's really how I would summarize my response, Bharat, to all the way
              to pre-COVID. I must tell you on a more, in a lighter way, I have management team
              sitting here, senior members of the management team. I keep reminding them I
              want to FY20, I want to go back to FY20 credit costs. And they used to laugh at me.
              Now they are all delivering. The 3 MOB, 6 MOB, 9 MOB lower than FY20.

              And as I said, the balance sheet is 3.5x. So I think it's about what we decide to do
              rather than what happens. I think we will decide what we want to do. We will, last

                                   Page 17 of 18
Moderator:                                                                                 Bajaj Finance Limited
                                                                                                     April 29, 2026
Ajit Kumar:
               point I'll make, we are from a, what does resiliency and bullet proofing means that
Rajeev Jain:   the profit growth principally should be higher than balance sheet growth.
Sandeep Jain:
Rajeev Jain:   And every incremental dollar of the differential in terms of growth goes to
Moderator:     strengthening the balance sheet because we're just living in continuous crisis. I
               mean, let me spend one moment, 1 year, 3 crisis. We started the year, we all have
               short memory. We started last year with Indo-Pakistan war for 4 days. We had tariff
               for 4, 5 months. And we had February, March, full March of Iran-U.S. war.

               How does one model that? And we have continued to still be operating manager.
               We have to remain open for business. So the best way is to just keep bullet proofing
               the business. It needs tremendous agility, I would say, for all firms, for all operating
               managers, tremendous agility because this is an environment that we are, we have
               to all become used to living in. And our management team here, we are committed
               to do that. I hope that gives you, and we can do a side conversation, longer one.

               Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question.
               I'll now hand the conference over to Mr. Ajit Kumar for closing comments.

               Thank you, Rajeev, Sandeep and Bajaj Finance team. Do you want to make any
               closing comments before you conclude?

               No. Thank you is the only closing comment.

               Thank you.

               Thank you. Wish us luck. Wish the world luck. Thank you. Thank you all.

               Thank you very much. On behalf of JM Financial Limited, that concludes this
               conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.
               Thank you.

               Page 18 of 18
