                                                                             04 August 2026

To                                                 To
The Manager                                        The Manager
Listing Department                                 Listing Department
BSE Limited                                        National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                         Exchange Plaza, C-1. Block G,
Dalal Street,                                      Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)
Mumbai - 400 001                                   Mumbai - 400 051
SCRIP CODE: 500034                                 SCRIP CODE: BAJFINANCE ­ EQ

Dear Sir/Madam,

Sub: Transcript of Conference Call held in respect of the Financial Results for the
quarter ended 30 June 2026

Ref: Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the `SEBI Listing Regulations') r/w
Clause 15 of Part A of Schedule III to the SEBI Listing Regulations

In furtherance of our letter dated 15 July 2026, the transcript of Q1 FY2027 investors
conference call held on 30 July 2026 at 6:30 p.m. IST has been uploaded on the website of
the Company at https://www.aboutbajajfinserv.com/finance-investor-relations-quarterly-
earnings-call

Also, enclosed is the transcript (pdf) as attachment for ease of reference.

Kindly take the above on record.

Thanking you,
For Bajaj Finance Limited

                            Digitally signed by R

R VIJAYVIJAY
                            Date: 2026.08.04
          17:18:55 +05'30'

R. Vijay

Company Secretary

Email ID: investor.service@bajajfinserv.in

Encl.: As above

                                                           https://www.aboutbajajfinserv.com/finance-about-us

Corporate Office: 4th Floor, Bajaj Finserv Corporate Office, Off Pune - Ahmednagar Road, Viman Nagar, Pune - 411 014, Maharashtra, India
                        Corporate Office Extn.: 3rd Floor, Panchshil Tech Park, Viman Nagar, Pune ­ 411 014, Maharashtra, India
                                                                 Tel: +91 20 7157 6403 | Fax: +91 20 7157 6364

               Registered Office: C/o Bajaj Auto Limited complex, Mumbai - Pune Road, Akurdi, Pune - 411 035, Maharashtra, India
                                   Corporate ID No.: L65910MH1987PLCO42961 | Email ID: investor.service@bajajfinserv.in
                  "Bajaj Finance Limited
         Q1 FY '27 Earnings Conference Call"

                        July 30, 2026

MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJEEV JAIN ­ VICE CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING
                     DIRECTOR ­ BAJAJ FINANCE LIMITED
                     MR. ANURAG CHOTTANI­ CHIEF OPERATING
                     OFFICER­ BAJAJ FINANCE LIMITED

MODERATOR: MR. ANUJ SINGLA ­ JP MORGAN

                                                 Page 1 of 22
Moderator:                                                                                Bajaj Finance Limited
Anuj Singla:                                                                                         July 30, 2026
Rajeev Jain:
              Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Bajaj Finance Limited Q1
              FY '27 Earnings Conference Call hosted by JP Morgan. This event is not for
              the members of the press. If you are a member of the press, please
              disconnect and reach out separately. Please note that this call and your
              questions will be recorded and the recording will be made available
              publicly. By participating in the event, you consent to such recording,
              distribution and publication.

              As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there
              will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation
              concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please
              signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone.

              I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Singla from JP Morgan. Thank
              you, and over to you, sir.

              Thank you, Neerav. Good evening, everyone. This is Anuj Singla from
              JPMorgan. Thank you very much for joining us for the Bajaj Finance Q1 FY
              '27 Earnings Call. To discuss the earnings, I'm pleased to welcome Mr.
              Rajeev Jain, Vice Chairman and Managing Director; and Mr. Sandeep Jain,
              COO and CFO; and other senior members of the management team. On
              behalf of JP Morgan, I would like to thank Bajaj Finance management for
              giving us the opportunity to host them.

              I now invite Rajeev for his opening remarks, post which we will open the
              floor for Q&A. With that, over to you, Rajeev.

              Thank you, Anuj. Thank you, JP Morgan team. Unfortunately, Sandeep is
              not here. There is a bereavement in his family. So he's not here. I was just
              speaking to him and I told him the first time in 19 years since I know that
              he was not there for AGM. When he was not even CFO, he was always there
              assisting the CFO, but it was unavoidable.

              Very good evening. I have the senior management team members, the rest
              of them are all here. Welcome to BFL Q1 earnings call. The investor deck
              has been uploaded on our website. I hope you've had a chance to go
              through the same. I'll quickly focus on key updates for the quarter and
              management assessment before Q&A. I expect to take about 15-odd
              minutes.

                                    Page 2 of 22
                                                                            Bajaj Finance Limited
                                                                                       July 30, 2026

Let's jump to panel number five. Excellent quarter, I would say. I mean, I've
used this word after a long time, probably six - seven quarters, across all
metrics actually, volume momentum, new customer addition. We added 5
million new customers. AUM, we added a record INR37,000 crores of AUM
in a quarter. Profit growth was strong at 28% and ROE crossed 20% despite
the overhang still there on account of BHFL dilution. So, a pretty good
quarter, I would say. ROA came in at 4.7% and ROE at 20.4%. Opex to NTI
came in at 33.4%, marginally higher than last year. It will smoothen out as
I cover over the next few panels.

Panel six, seven and eight is what I'll quickly cover the key high points. AUM
growth was secular and broad-based, as you can see from the composition
summary later in the deck. Gold loan business sustained its strong
momentum, grew by 112%. Business is now 4% of AUM. By year-end we
foresee 2,700 to 2,800 branches, all goes well, maybe 3,000 branches and
AUM of between INR29,000 crores and INR31,000 crores, all organic.

Rural consumer finance and urban consumer finance grew by 49% and
38% due to organic volume growth on one hand, but also increase in SKU
prices. So out of, let's say, 40% average growth, 20% is on account of SKU
price increase and 20% is organic growth. We foresee further risk in terms
of SKU prices going up is what the indication that we are principally getting
from OEMs, let's see. MSME grew by 2%. As you're aware, since last July,
we've been pruning business due to sort of risk actions that we've taken.
It should come back into growth momentum by Q3 or so.

NIMs remained steady in Q1. Deposit book came in at INR68,500 crores. It's
now 15% of the balance sheet. Opex to NTI came in at 33.4%. The marginal
increase principally reflects our accelerated investments in gold loan and
MFI branch expansion as well as impact of new labor code. So new labor
code contributed to 10 basis points, INR60 crores. Since you count
decimals, I'm making the point on decimals. So, labor code, gold loan and
MFI branches. Overall, we are confident of delivering 25 to 40 basis points
improvement for FY '27 in opex to NTI. Fulltime employee head count stood
at 73,261. We added 1,650 employees. Excluding gold loan and MFI, the net
addition was 811.

On credit quality now, credit performance principally remained quite
strong with loan loss to average AUF in the new frame that we talked about

                      Page 3 of 22
                                                                            Bajaj Finance Limited
                                                                                       July 30, 2026

improving to 1.54% versus same time during the same period, 1.87%. Now
both numbers are comparable.

As a measure of prudence, we've recognized an additional management
and macroeconomic provision of INR296 crores during current quarter on
account of what's happening geopolitically and the monsoon uncertainty.
Of course, monsoon has covered a lot of ground, I would say, in the last 15-
odd days, but I think we still have some distance to cover on monsoon
before we say that the super El Nino did not impact the country. If you
exclude this provision because this is a macroeconomic overlay of
provision, loan loss to AUF for the current quarter would have been 1.31%.

New Stage 2 and Stage 3 contribution was 1.87% from 1.94% in the
previous quarter. We expect continued improvement at this juncture on
this metric over the coming quarters. Vintage performance, which is
principally how the portfolio churns across 3MOB, 6MOB, 9MOB continue
to reflects, significant and sustained improvement and is now running
below FY '20 our pre-COVID benchmark.

I keep reminding people within the company and otherwise that pre-COVID
remains my benchmark. People say our size was smaller. I don't agree with
that point. I've made this point many times. Across businesses, now we're
looking lower than or equal to our pre-COVID benchmark. And we, in
general, remain quite optimistic about the credit cost outlook for FY '27.

GNPA and NNPA came in line, 0.96% and 0.39%. Provision coverage is at
60%. We'll continue to hold there structurally. On portfolio credit quality, all
businesses are green. You may see a marginal dip in business loan, but I
have pencilled as green because it's just a denominator effect rather than
a numerator effect, the 3MOB, 6MOB and some vintages of 9, we are
beginning to see significant improvement even over FY '20.

FinAI, while if some of you were there on the AGM, I've covered a lot, but if
you're not there I'll just cover some points that are principally not covered.
We showed five different examples in production. If it was a physical one,
I would have showed it in as a live demo, but on VC it was difficult to do a
live demo.

                      Page 4 of 22
                                                                            Bajaj Finance Limited
                                                                                       July 30, 2026

We're doubling down on Fin AI transformation. We're expanding the AI unit
from 230 to 400 people. We're also adding another 300 people in digital
platform unit. It will principally augment our customer centricity, rapidly
accelerate our technology transformation and strengthen our lowest risk
framework. I mean this year the digital platform will deliver INR50,000
crores of business.

I am targeting that next year we should be delivering INR100,000 crores
volume between customer centricity, AI and tech transformation and
digital transformation, all these three as they come together, that's really
what we are aiming to do so that from a push business, we rapidly
transition towards being a full business. In Q1, on Fin AI, 27 bots are now
live. But as we get deeper and deeper into this, we find more and more
opportunities. So it's a continuous transformation frame.

On data for AI, 45 million customer interactions were analyzed in the
quarter through voice and text AI initiatives, and it resulted in 4 lakh
additional offers and delivered INR517 crores of disbursements just as a
result of better insight into the consumer. On product and service
discovery, banners, videos, podcasts are enabling faster and more
efficient marketing. You will see massive acceleration in this from
November, December. massive both from a GEO, SEO and otherwise.

So, in underwriting processes, we are seeing 20% plus efficiency using AI.
On disbursements, AI, voice and text bots did INR2,500 crores, we will do
INR11,000 crores INR12,000 in the full year this year. On service, AI bots are
now handling 71% of our DIY customer service volumes. 17 agentic
applications have now got deployed out of 118, and we'll rapidly accelerate
as we get into the year.

I'm on panel 13. I'll just cover two odd points that it gives you texture on
our data intelligence, consumer, agentic AI and custom AI models. The
interesting thing is custom AI model, which is on track to go live in Q2. That
should help us for our B2B business generate 0.5 million customers that
we could not do earlier. It will go live for the next business which will be our
B2C business that will go live by October, November. So we are beginning
to have confidence to use to build models using AI, which are faster,
number one, and gives us insight that our traditional models did not give
us. That's on AI, I would say.

                      Page 5 of 22
Moderator:                                                                                     Bajaj Finance Limited
Abhijit Tibrewal:                                                                                         July 30, 2026

                   I would go to subsidiaries. BHFL did its second AGM yesterday. Strong
                   quarter, I would say, highest ever quarterly AUM addition. Disbursements
                   grew 33%. AUM grew 24%. They continue to remain under pressure on
                   attrition, given the intense competitive activity in the business.

                   Their Opex to NTI, which they can control, continues to improve, came in
                   at 19.6% against 21% a year ago. And both their PAT and PBT grew by 23%.
                   ROE improved to 12.5%. Asset quality remained pristine at 29 basis points
                   and NNPA at 12 basis points. BFSL, strong AUM growth. Profit growth was
                   softer at 22%, company is beginning to mature now and we have plans to
                   continue to scale the business.

                   To summarize, I would just say and open it up for questions, I would say we
                   began FY'27 with reasonably strong momentum. It should lead to
                   accelerating growth, credit costs that are structurally improving. Of
                   course, I would flag geopolitical tensions as an area to continue to watch
                   for. Monsoon, hopefully, should be behind us in the 30 days. If we continue
                   to maintain strong profitability ratios, which are being reinvested to remain
                   a growth-oriented company. That's from me for the quarter. It's a clean
                   quarter. I shouldn't have questions, but let's do questions.

                   Thank you very much. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session.
                   The first question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal.
                   Please go ahead.

                   Congratulations on an excellent quarter, like you said. Sir, the question is
                   that fact that it was an excellent quarter, despite that, you've not seen any
                   change in your assessment for FY'27. This kind of a growth in the first
                   quarter itself, don't you think this year we can grow at maybe a higher rate
                   also drawing from the fact that what you just alluded, business and
                   professional loans should turn from yourself acknowledge that maybe
                   from third quarter we can start growing it. So don't you think this 22% to
                   24% corridor that we have given for AUM growth can maybe see some
                   upside.

                   And the other thing is on credit cost as well sir, starting the year, if I
                   exclude the management overlay and the macro provisions that you have
                   created. Credit cost of about 1.3% - 1.32% thereabouts. So there also, do

                   Page 6 of 22
Rajeev Jain:                                                                                   Bajaj Finance Limited
Abhijit Tibrewal:                                                                                         July 30, 2026
Rajeev Jain:
                   you think at least the guidance that you've given out on the credit cost,
                   you could be at the lower end of that guidance.

                   No, it's a fair question. It's only question I didn't cover. So, it's fair you're
                   asking this. As they say, one solo doesn't make a summer, we'll wait for one
                   more quarter. I think we see continued momentum. We are a growth-
                   oriented business. We are seeing opportunities. We got to grow. All engines
                   are firing for the firm, even MSME should be back.

                   If you look at quarter 1, logically, but I would wait for second quarter,
                   whether it's top line, which is AUM or PBT growth or ROA or ROE, it does
                   seem we are much better than the guidance that we gave in March. Abhijit,
                   I would say to all investors, wait for one more quarter, and we sustain it,
                   then we know. We are in a way to revise.

                   Sir, just a follow-up on that. You spoke about the ROE and the PBT. So
                   there, I'm just trying to understand this quarter, we created about INR300
                   crores in management overlay macro provisions. So, I mean, is the thought
                   process that given that all cylinders are firing, credit cycle is good, utilize
                   it for strengthening the balance sheet, improving the provision covers and
                   keep ROE in a certain range?

                   Or is the thought that maybe once we are behind some of these things, like
                   you said, monsoons might be behind us in the next one month, you don't
                   know about this West Asia war that is going on. Do you think this will be a
                   more constant phenomenon, this macro overlay or can we see that if the
                   quarter is actually good, credit costs are actually lower, we see them
                   translating into profits?

                   I mean, I would just say quarter a time, Abhijit. Okay. I'll make one point,
                   which is important. As I've said, that we will continue to work towards
                   strengthening balance sheet resilience. That's the word. Second word that
                   I use is bulletproofing balance sheet because we are truly living in a VUCA
                   world. We do not know where is the next crisis coming from. And given our
                   size, scale, complexity and sheer expectations from various stakeholders,
                   I want to make sure we are one of the most resilient companies in India. So
                   that's really what the philosophical point is. Give us one more quarter we
                   will provide greater clarity on guidance for the year and direction of overlay
                   creation. Nobody will have any other questions.

                   Page 7 of 22
Abhijit Tibrewal:                                                                              Bajaj Finance Limited
Rajeev Jain:                                                                                              July 30, 2026
Moderator:
Rajeev Jain:       Sir, I just had one last question, and this is something we keep discussing
Moderator:         a lot. You have your this term till, I think, March '28, if my memory serves
Avinash Singh:     me right. So, I mean, while we keep...

Rajeev Jain:       I lost you Abhijit.

                   Sir, we lost the line for Abhijit. His line dropped. We move to the next.

                   No, I'll answer. So we'll make a decision by December '27 - January '28,
                   which gives us good 18 months to continue to stay focused on building a
                   resilient business.

                   I request all the participants kindly limit yourself to one question per
                   participant and rejoin for a follow up. Next question is from the line of
                   Avinash Singh from Emkay Global.

                   One question in the directional credit cost and yield. I mean, it has been
                   kind of a very excellent quarter. But even broader, if you see post-COVID,
                   the credit cost has been kind of for the industry despite the geopolitical
                   turmoil, the Russia-Ukraine war, trade war and all this. So you had
                   turbulence. But for Indian NBFC, the retail side of it, the credit cost
                   structure I have been seeing a directional improvement. Do you see this
                   kind of a structural improvement or this is again a cyclical kind of a mean
                   reversion will happen? And if this is structural do you see that structurally
                   the yields will see a compression because the credit cost is improving? I
                   mean, not just for you, from broader retail lending side of it.

                   And second, if you can help absolute amount, of course, you have given
                   that the lead generated disbursement. But what would be the share today
                   or this quarter, the share of that in the total disbursement?

                   So look, I can't speak about the macro. One, I'm not a macro person. I'm a
                   micro person. I've said in the past that risk going wrong is choices we make.
                   It's got nothing to do with macro in general, leave COVID aside and in
                   general, risk decisions are the choices we make. We are very clear the
                   choice we are making is to being the lowest risk company in India. So that's
                   a choice that we have made given our size, scale, as I keep repeating,
                   complexity and growth orientation. Risk doesn't hold the company back. It
                   propels the company forward. I'm very clear about.

                   Page 8 of 22
                                                                                            Bajaj Finance Limited
                                                                                                       July 30, 2026

                Look, as the risk costs are going down, we are accelerating momentum. It's
                a simple explanation in front. It's right here. Risk was not doing well. We
                were not doing okay even on growth. Risk starts to do well, growth starts
                to do okay. So we are a micro-focused management. That's one point I
                would make. And the choice that we have made is we want to be the lowest
                risk company.

                On the other hand, now it depends on what your risk thresholds are, okay?
                That's the third point I would make. Our thresholds remain quite low. We
                track bureau data as to what is the industry's credit cost by line of
                business, by line of business versus ours. Our risk thresholds are 30%, 35%,
                40% of the industry in general on 30 days past due and 60 days past due.
                We track it since COVID. So that's our in general threshold levels, and that's
                where we intend to remain.

                So I won't comment on macro. But same point I would repeat, Avinash, that
                while you see crisis, you say it doesn't lead to that kind of pressure, the
                pressure that you envisage, you're not seeing us gray, the speed at which
                we are gray. VUCA is not making life easier. It's only making life harder. So
                it's the only last point I would make.

Avinash Singh:  And if you can quantify the share of AI contribution

Rajeev Jain:    I talked about it actually in the AGM, the number for digital contribution,
                right? AI contribution? You were asking AI contribution, digital
                contribution?

Avinash Singh:  Yes, AI contribution. The absolute amount is given disbursement, but we
                don't know.

Rajeev Jain:    So, let's say, in a given month, if we do INR4000 crores to INR6,000 crores
                of urban and rural consumer PL, that's around INR6,000-odd crores
                between 17% - 18% is coming from voice bot. Voice bot and data put
                together, that would be 20-odd percent put together. Go ahead, Anurag.

Anurag Chottani: The call center business is 20%.

Rajeev Jain:    Of the call center business as Anurag has confirmed is 30%, data
                conversion, everything put together, you assume it is 20%. So just for PL,

                Page 9 of 22
Moderator:                                                                                   Bajaj Finance Limited
Shreya Shivani:                                                                                         July 30, 2026

Rajeev Jain:     whereas for gold loan, digital platform is now contributing to 25% of the
                 business. For BL, it's 20-odd percent.

                 I'll just make one point, which probably I didn't make that you will see
                 continued integration of digital platform infrastructure and AI
                 infrastructure. You will start to see business by business on our asset, AI
                 embeddings emerge. So the same asset will continue to morph into having
                 AI embeddings on one side, I'm talking app and web. And on the other, you
                 will start to see altogether new consumer AI platform emerge by May, June
                 '27 and that should further accelerate our momentum as well.

                 Avinash, I would request you to come back for a follow up. I request all the
                 participants kindly limit yourself to one question per participant. Next
                 question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from Nomura.

                 I have a question on the cost of fund. The sequential decline has been quite
                 controlled at 5 bps or so, and 4Q was already soft. I mean, it was a decent
                 quarter there. So if you can help us understand what has been our strategy
                 on how much liquidity we are holding? What will we do for the next three
                 quarters for most of the year? And in what direction could this cost of
                 fund? I know it's a volatile year, but if some idea you can give us around
                 there.

                 Second question is on the Fin AI bit. Interesting to hear all the digital and
                 AI integration that you're speaking about. But if you can help us
                 understand how will you make sure that the opex on the AI bit is under
                 control given all the concerns around the global rising token costs? How
                 much of open source or SLM models are you using in your FinAI bit?

                 So, on cost of funds, I mean, principal point which I made many times in
                 the past is that one is our liability maturity is longer than our asset
                 maturity. So just at a philosophical level, that's the first point. So that's on
                 a behavioralized basis. I think that's important. So, overall cost of funds,
                 the incremental cost of funds has gone up. You would track the fixed
                 income markets. Clearly, one is seeing increase of anywhere between 30,
                 50 or 60 basis points. Slowly, we do see directionally West Asia crisis if it
                 doesn't settle down, it being inflationary. We are watching monsoon. If it
                 doesn't do as well, that could also be inflationary.

                 Page 10 of 22
                                                                                              Bajaj Finance Limited
                                                                                                         July 30, 2026

                  But again, as I said, those are the two uncertainties that we are principally
                  facing. You've seen stabilization in cost of funds over the last three-odd
                  quarters now. We had gains in between January last year to September.
                  Since September, it's mostly stabilized. you will see slowly creep up from
                  here on is all, I would say. Anand, if you want to comment?

Anand Bagri:      No, we expect it to remain range bound at these levels only and maybe
                  with a slight upward bias, as you pointed out, because of some of the other
                  issues that those are there. Otherwise, we expect it to remain range bound
                  at these levels only possibly.

Rajeev Jain:      On second point sorry, on your second point, you're clear about it that
                  tokens are a cost. So I'll let Anurag make a point. We built a so-called
                  calculator, which ensures that we know what we're spending on, but I'll let
                  Anurag expand on it.

Anurag Chottani:  Yes, that's right. So, one of the baseline that we use is wherever the costs
                  are involved, we make sure the cost of the AI is less than the cost of the
                  human labor getting deployed. Like if I can talk about like voice AI will be
                  like 1/3 of the human cost today, we run our voice model at. Vision AI, we
                  use as you rightly mentioned, we use a lot of open source technologies.
                  And we use our own context layer or the RAG infrastructure, that's what
                  we call it, which necessarily reach the local AI model rather than going to
                  large language models.

                  And the third strategy that we use is we do not go for a full-length large
                  language model. We use flash to mini models, which delivers better
                  outcome at a lower cost. And I think we use these three kind of strategies
                  to contain the cost. And with respect to the new business origination,
                  there, we keep cost at times in mind or rest of the time, the business takes
                  care of the cost.

Rajeev Jain:      I'll just summarize Anurag's point. On one side is the use case. Use case
                  must be at 1/3, 1/5 the cost. That's one side. Other side is how do we do
                  technology development to ensure that we are optimizing at best. If OCR
                  for two version documents can solve the problem why use AI. That's as
                  simple an example with 98% accuracy. We are not doing this for happiness.
                  We're doing it to generate efficiency. So that's the second point.

                  Page 11 of 22
                                                                                              Bajaj Finance Limited
                                                                                                         July 30, 2026

                  Third point, however, I would just say that as the adoption increases across
                  the firm, as the deployment increases, it's a line to watch for. It is the only
                  third point I would make because once people, whether employees or
                  consumers start to use it extensively, we will actually see the -- we would
                  see the benefit that we are clearly counting on, but I would not ignore the
                  point on cost as well. So first two done. Third, we are watching out for.

Shreya Shivani:   Right. That's useful. And just on that point that you mentioned that we are
                  not going full length on LLMs, you have in-house SLMs, right, which you
                  would have your engineers have created or not? Just one extra point
                  there.

Anurag Chottani:  Yes. That's what I mentioned, the internal RAG infrastructure and the
                  building on the open weights, open source models.

Moderator:        Next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup.

Kunal Shah:       So, firstly, again, touching upon the point on margin. This time, yield
                  improvement appears to be largely because the growth was led by
                  consumer durables, and we kept excess liquidity as well compared to
                  where we were in fourth quarter. We guided for margin moderation in FY
                  '27, but are we more comfortable with where the margins stay because you
                  mentioned like cost of borrowing should be range bound. And I don't think
                  there would be too much of pressure in terms of the yields currently. So
                  yes, how do we look at the margins?

                  Second is, again, on growth. So in fact, you indicated the credit quality is
                  much better. In fact, we revised the number of customers, which we want
                  to add to the franchise from 15-17 to almost 18-20, SKU pricing is going up.
                  So would it be like still towards the longer-term guidance of '23-'25 or you
                  are more comfortable that we can even cross that looking at how things
                  are panning out for us?

                  And the balance sheet strengthening point, we are already like 2% ECL
                  coverage on the overall AUM when our GS2 plus GS3 itself is 2-odd
                  percent. So why still so much of balance sheet strengthening is required?
                  We are almost 100% covered as far as GS2 plus GS3 is concerned. Yes and
                  one last point in terms of the leverage. So, on deck 42, you have indicated
                  last time you evaluated the capital raising when leverage was 4.9x and

                  Page 12 of 22
Rajeev Jain:                                                                              Bajaj Finance Limited
                                                                                                     July 30, 2026
Kunal Shah:
Rajeev Jain:  that's marked yellow. We are currently at 4.9x. So any plans out there or
Kunal Shah:   we are still comfortable with our capital adequacy.

              okay, I'll go in reverse. Kunal, as I said to Abhijit, just give us one more
              quarter. Second quarter goes well, we'll revise our guidance on some of the
              metrics that we have given a management assessment on. It's unfair to
              give a guidance based on 1 quarter performance. That's one.

              Two, you're looking at the numerator of my provisions. I'm looking at the
              denominator, which is that we will have INR630,000 crores to INR650,000
              crores of balance sheet. We want to make sure that we are really really
              solid. It's the only point I would belabor again on.

              Third, capital raising, we are at 21% at this point in time. We still have to
              dilute BHFL. We are at 86.7%. We will go down to 75%, while we have time
              and we are in no hurry. First protocol most likely will be BHFL dilution. And
              then if our growth momentum continues to accelerate, then do -- then
              think about capital raise.

              At this point in time, I do foresee in general that our profit growth in general
              from a resilience standpoint should be faster than the balance sheet
              growth. That's the best way to build balance sheet resiliency is the way I
              think about it. So that's just the third point, Kunal, I would make.

              Got it. And margins?

              Margins give us one more quarter, plus/minus as Sandeep is not here, I'm
              missing him. Whatever Sandeep has guided for or what we've said, I think
              that moderation 10 - 15 basis points is what we foresee at this juncture,
              give us a quarter.

              I'm not hesitant. I want to make the point that you may say why are you
              hesitant? What are you thinking? I'm thinking about nothing. Okay. I can
              change the guidance today. It's not a problem. So it's not lack of
              confidence. It's just being conscious of the fact that what we say, we stay
              with. So that's all. Nothing else. So that's all I would say because since this
              question has been asked second time, I want to make sure it's not lack of
              confidence.

              That conveys, yes, that conveys.

                                   Page 13 of 22
Moderator:                                                                                   Bajaj Finance Limited
Piran Engineer:                                                                                         July 30, 2026
Rajeev Jain:
Piran Engineer:  Next question is from the line of Piran Engineer from CLSA India.

Rajeev Jain:     Team, congratulations on the quarter. You sound much more confident
                 this quarter than at least I've heard in the last 10 - 15 quarters, so congrats
Piran Engineer:  on that.

                 Last quarter also I was confident.

                 This time it is double, and we can all sense it. But anyway. Just two things.
                 One is you always share your statistics around consumer leverage, like 3PL
                 number of customers used to be 7%, 8%, 12% to 13%, where does that
                 stand? That's number one.

                 Number two, just qualitatively and quantitatively, both, can you just talk
                 about the gold loan business because there's just so much competition.
                 Every Tom, Dick and Harry wants to enter this space. We've built a book of
                 INR20,000 crores, targeting INR50,000 crores or whatever. And you also
                 mentioned one thing in one of your replies that digital platforms is 25% of
                 the business. So how does that really work? So just more color on the gold
                 loan business would be useful.

                 Yes. So, one thing, as we track bureau data and Avinash had asked this
                 question, maybe I should have mentioned it then that at least we're seeing
                 stabilization. So leverage levels overall not going up at a 2% level. Last year,
                 the number looks to be at 1% okay? And the 30 DPD data for the businesses
                 that we are -- that are prone to higher level of prone to leverage and prone
                 to -- are looking better. They are flattish actually. They are not
                 deteriorating anymore.

                 Year-on-year, there is improvement. I still compare versus FY '20, I still see
                 -- so what -- year-on-year is improvement in -- we track BL portfolios, we
                 track PL portfolios, we track professional loans portfolio. Year-on-year, all
                 three, when you take bureau data versus our data, we are seeing
                 improvement across the board on bureau data and, of course, our data. So
                 that's one point.

                 Level of leverage versus 2%, the number is looking like 1% for last year,
                 increase 41% is, I think, what the number is looking like. So that's the...

                 What is 2%, I didn't understand that?

                                      Page 14 of 22
Rajeev Jain:                                                                                 Bajaj Finance Limited
Piran Engineer:                                                                                         July 30, 2026

                 41%, consumer debt to GDP, what we track, the number as a consumer
                 number was growing by 2% a year for the last four years. Last year, it grew
                 by 1% is what my latest understanding is. So there are two parts I'm
                 discussing. One is bureau data. Bureau data is showing in the unsecured
                 businesses, Y-o-Y improvement. And of course, we are showing
                 improvement.

                 As I made a point to Avinash, my thresholds are 40% of the industry. So I
                 must just make that point at a micro level on our behalf. So that's one part,
                 which is bureau data. The second part is consumer debt as a percentage
                 of GDP. The number as of March 31, number is looking to be 40%. Just give
                 me one minute, Piran. I'll come back on that on the second point.

                 Now coming to gold loan until they fetch that number. On gold loan, look,
                 we are in the business for the last six, seven years, okay? We took a time
                 cracking it. We principally cracked it in '23 November, virtually, we
                 converted the business into a company within a company. And since then,
                 I would say we've not looked back. It's principally focused on strategy is
                 very simple, Piran. One, this business is a network expansion business.

                 It doesn't happen through the main branches of the company, happens
                 through standalone gold loan branches as we call them, okay? We've tried
                 out of 1,700 branches that we have today, only 80 are integrated branches,
                 and they are courtesy legacy prior to '23. Since then, we are very clear, it's
                 network expansion, process excellence and these are only two principal
                 points.

                 We are right now adding 110 new branches a month, okay, should take us
                 to 2,700 - 2,800 branches. 2,800 branches should mean from a capacity
                 standpoint in our assessment to deliver a peak outcome at maturity, a
                 INR14 crores per branch number. That's a INR37,000 crores, INR38,000
                 crores capacity. We think in the current year, we'll deliver between
                 INR29,000 crores to INR31,000 crores AUM. 25% of the business comes
                 through digital platform. That's our principal moat

                 So this 25 -- like an open market customer can also come through the
                 digital platform.

                 Page 15 of 22
Rajeev Jain:                                                                                   Bajaj Finance Limited
                                                                                                          July 30, 2026

                   Actually, this is a question that is asked that how many are ETB and how
                   many are NTB on the app.

Piran Engineer:    Overall would be useful.

Rajeev Jain:       Yes. Out of 86 million customers, my sense is ETB, NTB of app is 70% is ETB
                   and 30% is NTB customer coming for payments business coming for just
                   downloads as a result of ASO activity. So between 70-30 is the mix.

Piran Engineer:    Understood. Understood. And just one other bank sort of mentioned that
                   gold loans is cannibalizing their own personal loan business because they
                   offer it at lower rates. Do you see that not for your business, but in general,
                   as a threat to the PL segment where somebody could just easily take a gold
                   loan and PL loses popularity?

Rajeev Jain:       So, two things are happening. I think it's a good business for self-
                   employed. 95% of the customers are self-employed. It's a good business
                   for a self-employed customer. One, it has no friction cost. Entry exit costs
                   are very low. Let me make a point those who have small working capital
                   needs, it's a very good proposition. That's the second point. Third has much
                   lesser credit filters, while RBI has tightened the requirements of -- as a
                   result of the comprehensive regulations that came out and that went into
                   force from April 1, but still remains low on credit filters. And last point, okay,
                   sorry. Look, at -- it's right now at $4,000 - $4,100 gold is. At $4,500,
                   $5,000, it was becoming a business in terms of what one could originate,
                   okay? One could easily say at $4,500, we track, let's say, or INR1.5 lakh per
                   10 grams, it's a reasonable frame for a customer to raise INR8 lakhs, INR10
                   lakhs of working capital, which was never the case when gold was at
                   $2,000. I think that's a fourth point, you're seeing expansion of the
                   denominator itself. It's the only added point. If it comes back to $2,500,
                   then the fourth point will go away, rest will remain true.

Moderator:         Next question is from the line of Abhishek Murarka from HSBC.

Abhishek Murarka:  So one question is on your comment that you saw a 20% Y-o-Y growth in
                   SKUs in, I think, consumer B2B as in, yes. So now one of the components,
                   which is smartphone sales, that is not seen much growth, right, on a Y-o-
                   Y basis. So what are the SKUs which are compensating? If you can give

                   Page 16 of 22
                                                                                              Bajaj Finance Limited
                                                                                                         July 30, 2026

                  some color on how you got a 20% growth. I mean, something would have
                  substituted for smartphones etcetera...

Rajeev Jain:      I'll let Manish comment.

Manish Jain:      So, yes, you're right. So if you look at it from an industry point of view, and
                  we all look at the same report, which is a counterpoint report, which
                  basically talks about that the shipments of the smartphones in India have
                  declined by almost 13% to 15% in the last quarter. But we continue to
                  register very good growth in terms of smartphones in the range of
                  approximately 20% to 23%. And on top of it is obviously the increase in the
                  ATS. The ATS or the ticket size between last year to this year, if I talk about
                  the month of July, is about close to 30% to 33% higher versus last year.

Rajeev Jain:      So there are two points. One contributed by Apple and another contributed
                  by ATS

Manish Jain:      So it's actually a combination of both, yes. As Rajeev is pointing out that
                  we see a 33%, 35% higher increase in ticket size because one is the
                  contribution of Apple to our overall sale has increased vis-a-vis last year.
                  And apart from that, for every manufacturer, the ATS itself has also
                  increased from last year to this year. So it's a combination of both these
                  two things for us. At an overall level, we see about between a 32% - 33%
                  increase in the ticket size of smartphone.

                  On the other appliances and all, the ticket size is actually almost flat. So if
                  you talk about air conditioner, et cetera, that's also a result of the GST
                  decrease that happened. So basically, the air conditioners saw GST
                  decrease by 10%, which has now got made up because of the increase in
                  commodity prices, etcetera. So the air conditioner and the panel prices or
                  the washing machine prices are almost flat versus last year.

Abhishek Muraka:  So, primarily, it's just a penetration thing, smartphones, which -- so you're
                  sort of bucking the trend in the overall industry just because you're
                  improving penetration?

Manish Jain:      Yes, that's right. The affordability penetration, and we continue to mine
                  deeper and deeper into our customer franchise and therefore, both our
                  franchise and distribution, that combination gives us a higher penetration
                  of the overall attach rates.

                  Page 17 of 22
Rajeev Jain:                                                                                  Bajaj Finance Limited
                                                                                                         July 30, 2026

                  Since you made this point, Abhishek, I'll just add a dimension. As I've said,
                  I should have probably captured it, that we looked at distribution and we
                  said, as you've seen over the last seven, eight quarters, our branch
                  expansion, non-gold loan and MFI is either flat or going down actually. And
                  because when we look at India from the top, we think we are covered. We
                  said I don't think or we do not think it's covered. So we're doing bottoms of
                  work.

                  We've done bottoms of work after, I would say, two-odd years. We are very
                  clear 4% to 5% distribution expansion we'll continue to do. If India
                  opportunity is real, we've got to continue to do plumbing. We have now
                  identified 160-odd branches so far that we'll open in the current year. And
                  it's ongoing continuous work, we will add 170 to 250-odd branches every
                  year as a firm, which have material outcomes on a 2- to 3-year forward
                  basis.

Abhishek Muraka:  Understood. By the way, thanks for that color. That was very interesting.
                  And can you comment on this PL competitive intensity in personal loans
                  and also in MSME, when do you see disbursements growth picking up? You
                  said AUM start improving in -- from 3Q. So are you already seeing
                  disbursements growth pick up over there? So some color on these 2 fronts.

Rajeev Jain:      Competitive intensity is for every line of business and that's now for three,
                  four years. There's nothing new. I think -- so it's now -- we're used to it
                  across every line of business. And it's not one competitor. It's five, six
                  competitors. Actually, one has to look at competitors as PSU banks, private
                  banks, nonbanks, all three competing. but I'll make an important point,
                  that's where the franchise value frame will come in.

                  And that's where -- let me connect one last dot. What we are doing on
                  customer centricity, digital transformation and AI will ensure that our that
                  are cost of originating a new customer, cost of managing a customer, cost
                  of cross-sell and cost of credit.

                  As we mine more and more and more and the example that Manish gave,
                  we just keep doing that. I think I said in the last quarter that the color of
                  the balance sheet in 3-odd years could change. NIM could look lower, opex
                  would look lower, credit cost could look lower. I made the point in fourth

                  Page 18 of 22
Rajeev Jain:                                                                              Bajaj Finance Limited
Manish Jain:                                                                                         July 30, 2026
Rajeev Jain:
Moderator:    quarter. It will take us two, three years to get there, but that's where the
              direction will eventually go to at 200 million customers.
Bharat Shah:
              As Manish is saying, confirming, ETB contribution is?

              Is now 63%, and it used to be in the range of close to about 60%.

              So that will lead to lower credit cost only. 3% movement and 16 million
              loans will lead to lower credit cost is given actually.

              I request all the participants kindly limit yourself to one question per
              participant. Next question is from the line of Bharat C. Shah from BCS
              Capital Ideas.

              First of all, just a comment. I was so great to hear your comment that you
              as an individual leader and Bajaj Finance as a firm is deeply focused on
              micro rather than take refuge in macros. Our investing world is having too
              many people who look at macro. So I feel very safe when you say that you
              and the firm are deeply focused on micro. So that really greed in my heart
              to hear that.

              Also in terms of the performance, I think finally, the symphony seems to
              be playing out where all notes have been struck well. And I think the final
              output has been sweet. And I hope that this is now going to amplify itself.

              So just one question. And probably you might regard that as being a bit of
              a greedy question, at 20.5% ROE and about 4.7% ROA. I feel with the deep
              AI commitment that we have been -- we have made, much like very early,
              we were technology savvy and we were digital savvy. And in AI, as I see,
              clearly, we have taken a lead in the lending industry. Therefore, that should
              have deep implication over a period of time in terms of our business
              velocity, cost, credit quality as well as opex containment?

              Can we think of -- or when do we think of ROE touching about 24% and
              ROA is going beyond 5%. I'm mindful of the fact that Bajaj Housing Finance
              business is a low ROA and low ROE and would continue to remain within a
              certain boundary. And therefore, our Bajaj Finance net stand-alone is a
              much better number. But I'm saying on the consolidated, do you think it is
              possible where ROAs will cross 5%, 5.25% and a little bit of leverage stretch
              and we touch closer to 24% ROE?

                                   Page 19 of 22
Rajeev Jain:                                                                              Bajaj Finance Limited
Bharat Shah:                                                                                         July 30, 2026

              So, Bharat bhai, if I was to maximize, the answer is yes. But if I was to take
              a longer-term sustainable view, now taking a longer-term sustainable
              view, if it happens, nothing like it. That will be true symphony. We'll go for
              orchestra one day together, okay?

              But continuing to reinvest in business, I'm interested in long-term
              sustainability. There are two new lines of business that we are at this
              juncture planning to launch by January, February. We are -- as I showed in
              my AGM today that we continue to grow with India despite all the -- so we
              think India opportunity is real. And I am not sure now is the time to
              maximize. -- now is the time to continue to -- but we must remain
              responsible.

              Now can '19, '21 become 2022? Very much possible. I mean, with investing,
              which means we become more efficient, AI transformation starts to either
              accelerate top line or decelerate costs. Logically, it should do both. But
              given our sustainability quotient of continuing to invest in building
              businesses, looking for new opportunities, I would say, can -- yes, instead
              of '19, '21, can we look at 2022 as the drag reduces of excess capital, that
              will also have a role to play. You will see improvement in Q2 in ROE because
              we would have paid a dividend. So actually, that number will automatically
              improve. So -- and as I said earlier, we don't foresee raising capital.

              So I hope I'm not trying to avoid your question. I'm not trying to avoid a
              number. I'm not one of those. I'm just saying I just think you are well wisher.
              You should wish that we are getting to INR10 lakh crores with the same
              sustainability and profitability metrics, which is really what I've shown
              today in AGM that -- and I believe -- I mean, even I used to have doubts in
              my mind that is it possible that INR6 lakh crores same ratios will hold
              they're holding. Now I have no doubt that even at 10 or 12, they hold. We
              have crossed that point where we should even evaluate that it leads to
              lower -- that higher scale would lead to dilution. So I hope I have found.

              No, absolutely. My question was not about immediacy. I was talking of a
              runway of three to five years. where 20.5% touching hopefully 0.5%, 0.5%
              every year to, say, somewhere around 23%, 24% over a 3- to 4-year time
              frame?

              Page 20 of 22
Rajeev Jain:                                                                              Bajaj Finance Limited
                                                                                                     July 30, 2026
Moderator:
Rajeev Jain:  No. Let me connect this to strategy Bharat bhai for a moment. I think it's
              important as a point. We deliver customer centricity and people think I'm
              making a good to make point. If my cost of originating customer goes
              down, it will dilute NIM marginally because I'm doing more with my
              customer at INR200 million franchise, which nobody comes near, and we
              are very confident of getting there. It will bring down the cost of operations
              and it will bring down the cost of credit. So that customer centricity is
              central to the strategy of us delivering that frame.

              Now whether the number is 22 or whatever that I don't know. But it is so
              strategic. I spent virtually 3/4 of a day in a month on customer centricity.
              We've created a dedicated unit in the company. We are thinking of new
              products in the company for the first time as I can't think of lending
              companies around the world who would have design thinking units. We've
              set up 10 design thinking units in the company because as we're thinking
              of customer centricity, we are saying products the way they look today
              may not look that way tomorrow.

              So we are investing in areas that are not logical that have not been normal
              to us as well, investing in customer centricity units, investing in design
              thinking units. These are all longer-term initiatives, let me tell you. I mean
              we put -- we are doing primary research in that unit. We're doing
              secondary research. I've worked for 33 years, you've done in research. It
              doesn't come normally to bankers to do research.

              So we are shaping the company, Bharat bhai, and to all investors, I would
              say, in a little different way. It's a reasonable work in progress, whether AI
              transformation on one side, design thinking on the other, customer
              centricity other, all this comes together. To symphony, that's what we are
              working for. So I can tell you my efforts and my actions and number is an
              outcome.

              Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I would now
              like to hand the conference over to the management for closing
              comments.

              Good night. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you for all your
              questions. Thank you so much.

                                   Page 21 of 22
Moderator:                                                                              Bajaj Finance Limited
                                                                                                   July 30, 2026

            Thank you very much. On behalf of JP Morgan, that concludes this
            conference. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your
            lines. Thank you.

            Page 22 of 22
