4th August, 2026               National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
                               Corporate Communications Department
To,                            "Exchange Plaza", 5th Floor,
                               Bandra ­ Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),
BSE Limited                    Mumbai ­ 400 051
Corporate Services Department
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,      NSE Scrip Symbol: DMART
Dalal Street,
Mumbai ­ 400 001

BSE Scrip Code: 540376

                       Sub: Transcript of Analyst/ Institutional Investors Meet 2026

Dear Sir/ Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of conference call with Analyst/
Institutional Investors held on 28th July, 2026.

The transcript of the conference call is also available on website of the Company at
https://www.dmartindia.com/investor-relationship.

Kindly take the same on record.

Thanking You,
For Avenue Supermarts Limited

Ashu Gupta Digitally signed by Ashu Gupta
                                                  Date: 2026.08.04 12:41:48 +05'30'

Ashu Gupta
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

Encl: As above
                Avenue Supermarts Limited
          Annual Analyst Meet Conference Call

                         July 28, 2026

MANAGEMENT: MR. ANSHUL ASAWA ­ MANAGING DIRECTOR AND
                     CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER ­ AVENUE SUPERMARTS
                     LIMITED
                     MR. RAMAKANT BAHETI ­ GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL
                     OFFICER ­ AVENUE SUPERMARTS LIMITED
                     MR. NILADRI DEB ­ CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER ­
                     AVENUE SUPERMARTS LIMITED
                     MR. VIKRAM DASU ­ CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER ­
                     AVENUE E-COMMERCE LIMITED
                     MR. RUSHABH GHIYA ­ INVESTOR RELATIONS ­
                     AVENUE SUPERMARTS LIMITED

                                                 Page 1 of 37
                Avenue Supermarts Limited
                                July 28, 2026

Moderator:      Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Avenue Supermarts Limited Annual Analyst
Rushabh Ghiya:  Meet. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an
Anshul Asawa:   opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance
                during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone
                phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.

                I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rushabh Ghiya. Thank you, and over to you, sir.

                Thank you, Avirat. Good morning, all. Welcome to our Annual Investor and Analyst Conference
                Call for 2026. I have on call with me Mr. Anshul Asawa, our MD & CEO; Mr. Ramakant Baheti,
                Group CFO; Mr. Niladri Deb, CFO, Avenue Supermarts Limited; and Mr. Vikram Dasu, CEO,
                Avenue E-commerce Limited. We hope that you've had a chance to look at the presentation,
                which was uploaded last week on the exchanges as well as on our website.

                As always, we will start the call with Anshul briefly taking you through the presentation, and
                post that, we will open the Q&A session for everyone. Before that, I would just like to draw your
                attention to the safe harbor statement for good governance and will then hand over the call to
                Anshul. Thank you. Over to you, Anshul.

                Good morning, everyone, and a very warm welcome to our Annual Analyst Call. This is my first
                call with all of you since formally stepping into the CEO and MD role. I've been looking forward
                to today, not just to share where we are, but also to hear your thoughts and answer some of your
                questions.

                Over the past one year, I have now spent a lot of time on the ground, visiting our stores,
                distribution centers across various cities, and therefore getting to know our teams, our vendors,
                and also our customers. Now, it was really helpful for me because we had a well-planned
                transition that gave me the time to truly absorb the culture and principles that make DMart
                special. It also gave me space to step back and reflect on where we need to take DMart next.

                And so therefore, before we dive into the slides of the presentation that Rushabh was speaking
                about, I'd like to share a few thoughts on my reflections. First of all, the fundamentals of this
                business I find are rock solid. The model that this business has of providing everyday low price
                through an everyday low-cost operation isn't just a strategy, but it also has become its moat and
                will continue to protect us for years to come.

                The operational discipline and the customer-first mindset are non-negotiable for this
                organization, and the values this company was built on will need to stay intact. What I see ahead
                of us is, of course, a massive opportunity to scale this proven model into many more cities. So
                yes, store expansion is going to be the key. But as we grow, we also need to keep pushing for
                sharper execution and operational rigor.

                All of you know that retail is all about execution, plain and simple. And to support a much bigger
                footprint of DMart, we will be investing heavily in building management bandwidth and

                                      Page 2 of 37
                                                                      Avenue Supermarts Limited
                                                                                       July 28, 2026

capabilities across all levels of the organization. Another big priority for me will be modernizing
our technology and data stack.

We will be upgrading key systems so that we can run tighter operations and use our data, which
we have a lot of, much more effectively across our categories, store operations, and supply chain.
So to sum up, our foundational principles aren't changing, but we will definitely be stepping up
our game across technology, execution, and expansion as we prepare for a much larger footprint
in the years ahead.

So I would now move to the business presentation. Hopefully, you've had a copy. So if you see
the first slide, our category contributions over the last year have remained pretty steady. We've
seen a slight dip in non-food and a marginal increase in food, but our garments and apparel
business has remained stable, and we are happy with how this business is performing.

If you move to the next slide, we are sticking with our cluster-based store opening approach. So
last year, we entered five new states, and we also hit the 500-store milestone. So our focus in the
coming year would be to now build store density in these new markets while continuing to
expand further in our established ones.

Moving to the next slide. I know this particular slide may trigger a lot of questions today, so let
me address our approach upfront. We made a conscious choice to double down on DMart Ready
in 11 key cities where the vast majority of our online business comes from. We want our team
to be laser-focused on proving that we can run a truly sustainable, profitable e-commerce model
here. And so to do that, we are improving three main things for our customers.

First one is around assortment. We want to tailor our selection specifically for online buyers,
and this, of course, is going to be a continuously evolving feature. Secondly, around the speed
of delivery. We want to make sure that we are able to deliver to most of our customers within
six hours of their ordering. This offers great convenience especially for our large basket
shoppers.

And finally, around user experience. We want to ensure that our digital interface becomes easier
and more engaging to shop on for our customers. So we do want to prove that this way of
working is sustainable in these 11 cities first, and so we are channeling all our attention and
resources in AEL towards this goal.

So moving on to the next slide. Again, this might elicit some questions because some of you
might be keen to know what store addition target we are aiming for this year, having reached
500 stores, having opened 85 stores last year. So I do want to state that internally, our
benchmarks will remain that we should be opening around 15% of our store base as the number
that we want to increase annually.

So that said, however, given the realities of real estate acquisition and the fact that we build our
stores, some years this could be a few percentages higher and some it could be a few percentages
lower. But our pipeline to build so many stores is strong, and we are confident in maintaining
this over the coming years. Wherever it will make strategic sense, we will also remain open to
long-term leasing.

                      Page 3 of 37
Niladri Deb:                                                                          Avenue Supermarts Limited
Rushabh Ghiya:                                                                                         July 28, 2026

                So with that context, I will now hand over to our CFO Niladri to walk you through the numbers.
                I'll join you again for the Q&A in a bit. So over to you, Niladri.

                Hello, everyone. Good morning to you. So I'm referring to slide number 10, where we see bill
                cuts. We have a healthy growth reaching close to 40 crore bill cuts in the year gone by. Our like-
                for-like store growth, which is stores more than two years old, grew about 8.1% for the last year.
                At the end of March 2026, we had about 20.6 million square feet of retail business area, and our
                revenue per square foot from all stores put together came in about flat at INR33,422 per square
                foot.

                Moving to slide 11. We reported a turnover of close to INR67,000 crores in the year gone by.
                EBITDA margin came in at about 7.8%. Profit after tax was about 4.8%, INR3,224 crores of
                profit, and we generated INR4,168 crores of cash from the operations.

                The inventory days went up to 33.2. This is also due to more warehouses that we opened during
                the year so that we could better service our customers. Days payables remained flat at 7.2,
                continuing our strategy of paying vendors quickly. Total Debt inched up slightly to INR2,267
                crores. This INR2,267 crores also includes debt arising out of AS 116 adjustment. The actual
                debt, which is net borrowing on the company, is close to INR965 crores as of March 2026 end.

                Fixed asset turnover came in at about 3.2 times, and the inventory turnover came at 12.8, which
                is an outcome of the higher number of inventory days that we're holding, leading to return on
                net worth coming at about 13.5% during the year and ROCE at about 17.1%, which are slightly
                lower than what we reported the prior year.

                Slide number 13 shows us the split of standalone and consolidated financials for March 2026
                year gone by. Sales grew by close to 16%. Gross margin expanded by 16 bps. Employee cost
                expanded by 27 bps due to the investment in service levels of the business, and other expenses
                declined by 9 bps, leading to EBITDA which was almost flat at about 7.85%.

                PBT came in about 26 bps lower because of the cost increases that we saw in employee cost
                largely, and PAT came in about 25 bps lower because of the employee cost increase flowing
                down to PBT. At a consol level, similar performance. Sales grew about 16%, and EBITDA grew
                about 16%, and PAT grew about 10%.

                The key subsidiaries financials: Avenue E-commerce, which is our online business for grocery,
                so the sales grew about 17%. EBITDA declined by about 43%, so we had a bigger EBITDA
                drain of 84 bps, and PBT was about 24% lower, at a net loss of INR307 crore. Align Retail,
                which is the grocery packing business, grew about 16.5%, and PAT grew about 24%.

                Avenue Food Plaza, which handles the fast and ready food business that we have in adjacency
                to each DMart store, grew about 35.5% and returned a PAT of 9%. It had a loss last year because
                of expansion that we were doing in certain parts of the business, but now it has turned around
                and is on course to turn in a healthy number. Thank you.

                So I think with that, what we'll do is we will open the floor for Q&A. We can just pause for a
                minute and then start.

                                      Page 4 of 37
Moderator:                                                                           Avenue Supermarts Limited
Aditya Soman:                                                                                         July 28, 2026

Anshul Asawa:  Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question
               is from the line of Aditya Soman from CLSA. Please go ahead.

               Yes, hi. Good morning, and thanks for the opportunity. So three questions from me, Anshul.
               Firstly, I would like to understand your perspective on sort of exclusive brands and private labels.
               Now historically, I know you stated sort of 20-20-20 strategy on private labels, but any change
               to that since you've taken over? And we see that at least as far as shelf space is concerned, a lot
               more shelf space being taken by private labels. Is this a concerted effort?

               The second question, you talked about more leasing, so if you can just throw a little more light
               on how economics changes for leasing versus outright purchase, given that these are long-term
               leases. And then lastly, on the last sort of earnings note, you'd highlighted a slowdown in metros.
               So just a little more color on what's driving this slowdown. Is it sort of capacity bottleneck, or is
               it competition from quick commerce or e-commerce, and how you plan to sort of combat that?
               Thanks.

               Thank you, Aditya. Thanks for your questions. So let me take them one by one. Your first
               question, which is on exclusive brands and private label. I think our strategy or approach has not
               changed. You know, in the past we have spoken about the 20-20-20 principle. And I think my
               own personal reflection is that, you know, also given my previous background, that Indian
               market is still a very brand-conscious market. And so therefore, for any retailer to succeed in
               this, you know, you need to deliver real value to customers.

               Also, as you know, that we are an MRP-driven market, so therefore comparisons are very easy
               for people to make. And so therefore, you can only give real value when you are able to give, as
               per our 20-20-20 principle, you know, something where you can give at least a 20% price
               advantage. You should be able to make, some margin, which in our case we believe should be
               at least 20% more than the benchmark, and you should have a right to at least get 20% volume
               share, which basically means that we need to give true value, that's why customers would want
               to buy from us.

               And so therefore, wherever it makes sense for us, wherever we see that there is leverage that we
               can drive, we are participating and we are, driving that private label business. And we are talking
               here specifically about FMCG private label because as you possibly know that we do not count
               in that private label the numbers of our garments and general merchandise, or for that matter,
               DMart Grocery as well, which as you know, a lot of it sells as our own brand or private label.
               But coming back to the FMCG private label, so wherever we believe that we can give great
               value to customers while making, you know, reasonable margin, we would continue to drive
               that.

               Your second question, which is around your observation on shelf space. So I would only say
               that there is no such conscious effort to try and drive shelf space. A lot of what you see on the
               shelf in DMart is driven more by customer choice. And so therefore, there isn't any strategy to
               try and drive a differential piece on private label.

               Page 5 of 37
Rushabh Ghiya:                                                                        Avenue Supermarts Limited
Niladri Deb:                                                                                           July 28, 2026
Rushabh Ghiya:
Anshul Asawa:   The third question, which is around your point on leasing. So as you know, DMart has always
                driven the approach of buying the land, building our store, and then driving the business through
Aditya Soman:   that. But what we are also realizing is that in certain geographies it may just not be possible to
Anshul Asawa:   get the land that we need.

                And so therefore we are going to be more open to the leasing option as well, provided of course
                they are long-term leases and provided that they meet our requirements. And so therefore, we'll
                be open to that as well. And there are certain geographies where we have been driving that, and
                we'll continue to do that.

                In fact, I can possibly share a number also that last year, for example, we now have about 68
                stores -- 65 stores which are on long leases. And so therefore, it's not a very small number, it's a
                reasonable number in the overall store count of 500 plus. So that's on the leasing side.

                Now in terms of the financials on how this works versus the owned stores, so I don't think we
                share that number and declare that publicly. So I'm not going to be able to share that per se with
                you. But needless to say, I think both these models work well for us. And going forward also,
                therefore, we will continue to be open to that option.

                The last question that you asked around.

                Niladri had a clarification.

                We had 68 lease stores. Not 65 but 68.

                Sorry, so you were right originally.

                So, yes, I think I was mentioning 68 lease stores. So that is the right number. Not 65. So we have
                68 lease stores. The last question that you had which was on the slowdown in metros. So indeed,
                I think we are seeing, especially in metros like Mumbai, Bangalore, etcetera, where we have
                stores which are, one, very old and also very dense, with very high throughputs. And so
                therefore, to some extent these stores are reaching a saturation point.

                So the point that you made around capacity indeed is an issue in many of these stores. And which
                is where, in some of these cases, we are opening new stores as well, which of course impacts the
                SSSG because you have another store coming up nearby. But I also think that there is a fair
                amount of impact also on account of competition, which also is making a dent in some of these
                stores.

                So, a combination of capacity, saturation, high throughput that we are already getting from these
                stores, plus competition is what to our mind is the reason for some of the large metros to slow
                down as far as same-store growth is concerned. Aditya, I hope I have answered your questions.

                Yes, Anshul. Thanks. I'll come back in the queue.

                Thanks.

                Page 6 of 37
Moderator:                                                                           Avenue Supermarts Limited
Abneesh Roy:                                                                                          July 28, 2026

Anshul Asawa:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama Group. Please go
               ahead.

               Thanks. I have two questions. First is if I compare the previous call to now, in terms of
               competition on the quick commerce, clearly Amazon Now and Flipkart Minutes have picked up.
               So if you could give overall summary in terms of competition versus last year. Are you seeing a
               pickup in the FMCG part specifically?

               And because earlier your positioning was that clearly everyday low pricing and even in terms of
               assortment, FMCG companies used to work very closely with DMart, specific packages, specific
               pack sizes, and specific brand extensions also.

               Now when you compare with the dark stores of all these quick commerce, specifically Amazon
               and Flipkart, given these are new players versus last year, are you seeing a big change in that in
               terms of your right to win? I understand the pricing bit, but in terms of availability of a lot of
               these products. So that was my first question.

               Okay. Thanks, Abneesh. Thanks for your question. So if I've understood your question correctly,
               Abneesh, and let me know once I've answered whether I've addressed it. So yes, there are more
               number of players when it comes to competition this year compared to previous years. But when
               it comes to, let's say, partnering with our FMCG vendors, is there any shift that we are witnessing
               in terms of their attention or their focus on DMart as a retailer?

               No, there isn't. In fact, I would say that many of them in fact are doubling down. And over the
               last one year, I've had the opportunity to meet many of our key vendors not just once but twice
               to discuss how the FMCG businesses of theirs could be driven in DMart.

               Now the question that you asked around assortment, I think that has to be an ongoing piece of
               work that we need to continue to do, which is to try and understand what our shoppers are buying,
               what they are seeking in a DMart store, and where exactly do we need to get it from.

               If it is already successful in general trade, we typically get it from the FMCG companies. If it is
               kind of picking up in a quick commerce or in e-commerce setup, there again we have ways of
               understanding what exactly is happening in that space.

               And businesses or brands which are becoming big and scaled in these channels, we try and bring
               to DMart. As you know that we drive a volumes game, so we are not necessarily the place where
               a completely new brand will get launched. But once a brand is gaining traction, it has got some
               size, it is something that we are able to very quickly bring in through our FMCG vendors.

               And over the last, I would say, couple of years, there are also a fair number of D2C brands as
               well that we've been able to introduce in our DMart stores based on again the success that they've
               been able to achieve on the online space.

               So Abneesh, I don't see any reason at this point of time to suspect that FMCG companies are not
               focusing on DMart. I would say in fact they are focusing increasingly on DMart because we

                                     Page 7 of 37
Abneesh Roy:                                                                         Avenue Supermarts Limited
                                                                                                      July 28, 2026
Anshul Asawa:
               have become a very sizable and significant part of their business. In many cases, for example,
Abneesh Roy:   we are the number one retailer for them as an individual entity.
Anshul Asawa:
Moderator:     Sure. That's helpful. My second and last question. So if I see the recent FMCG results, I do see
Avi Mehta:     that food companies are growing faster than the HPC. And when I see your slide number 5, again
               that is coming out very clearly that non-foods has lost some share within your revenue through
Anshul Asawa:  foods. So I wanted to understand is GST driving because a lot of the GST rate cuts in Q3
               happened in foods. Is that the reason you would attribute that to? Or is it just that the recovery
               in FMCG is more in foods rather than HPC?

               So to be honest, Abneesh, I don't see that difference between food and non-food from my
               perspective. I think the difference that you see in terms of the percentages between last year and
               this are very marginal and maybe a factor of a little bit of inflation in different categories between
               foods, non-foods, the mix that we would have sold in these geographies, in these businesses. So
               we don't see any big difference in terms of how foods and non-foods are playing out on account
               of GST.

               Sure. Thank you. That's all from me. Thank you.

               Thanks Abneesh.

               Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avi Mehta from Macquarie Capital. Please go
               ahead.

               Yes, hi team. Thanks a lot for the opportunity. Sir, I first wanted to understand, you know, from
               the same-store sales growth perspective. Now you did highlight about competition, about the
               fact that some stores have probably peaked out. Wanted to understand do you see this moving,
               what is required for it to move back to the double-digit levels that it was doing? And you know,
               how do you see a path towards that, or has the scale kind of have to be factored in mind? A.

               The second bit is on assortment, sir. You know, there on category mix in particular, while I do
               understand on an annual basis it's flattish, is it possible to see general merchandise share going
               back to historical levels? And the last bit is on store additions. You know, you did say 68 stores
               is on lease. Does this proportion need to move up as you look to add 15% store additions? So
               these are three questions. Thank you, sir.

               Yes, thanks. Thanks, Avi. I think on same-store growth, as I've mentioned already, that the
               reasons are basically on account of maturity of these stores, the fact that they're already quite
               dense, the throughputs are very high, the footfalls are pretty high as well. And so therefore, the
               way DMart has always typically approached this is by opening more stores nearby so that some
               of that pressure could be moved to the other stores.

               And so therefore, same-store growth would possibly be hovering more in the range that we are
               seeing today, and we are not likely to see that go up considerably, all things being constant. I'm
               referring here to inflation and those types of matters. So I think on SSSG, we should sort of
               expect especially for our older stores to have that type of a growth level.

                                     Page 8 of 37
Avi Mehta:                                                                           Avenue Supermarts Limited
Anshul Asawa:                                                                                         July 28, 2026

Avi Mehta:     When it comes to the second question around assortment and your question on GMA and
Moderator:     whether the GMA can move to that historical level. I think we've been maintaining for the last
Anand Shah:    few years that we expect this particular part of the business to be somewhere in that 22% to 23%
               kind of a range. And it is, as I said earlier also, it is doing quite well compared to our total
               business.

               And so therefore, we are happy with the progress that is being made in both the general
               merchandise and the apparel business that we have in our stores. So I don't expect it to get to the
               historical levels, and there is no intent also to drive it to that level because as I said, 22% to 23%
               contribution would be a good contribution in this space.

               Finally, on the store additions, we don't have a number saying that this is the percentage that we
               would want to get to on lease. As I said, the number that is driving us is that 15% ballpark
               number on what we want to achieve as store additions on our base. And for that, if for example,
               we are not able to get an owned land property, then we will move to a lease option if that is
               something which is meeting our requirements.

               So, there isn't a number, but would it go up? Possibly it would because there will be certain cities
               that we'd want to go to where we might have to go for the lease option, which is always going
               to be open, if required.

               Sir, if I may, just on the first part, which is the same-store sales. I do understand, but is the
               competition from quick commerce, that aspect not kind of peaking out now, and hence that could
               allow us to kind of move up on the same-store bit? Because you did cite that also as one of the
               headwinds. Is that the reason?

               Yes, I think what might be happening is that some of the customers would be preferring to buy
               from quick commerce because of the convenience of faster delivery, especially for the lower
               basket sizes. And so therefore, there could be some impact happening on account of that.

               And I'm suspecting that that's not going to change over the next few years. And so therefore,
               that impact would remain while we of course continue to keep driving our own assortment, our
               own execution in these older stores while of course continuing to expand into newer geographies
               and new stores.

               Got it, sir. I'll come back in the queue for further questions. Thank you very much, sir, for this.

               Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anand Shah from Axis Capital. Please go
               ahead.

               Yes, hi. Hi team. Just a couple of questions. So firstly on the margins part. I mean, we've seen
               some gross margin improvement happening over the last two, three quarters. So just wanted to
               understand, one, the driver of this because the mix has broadly remained similar. And even on
               the margins, I mean, if we look at staff cost, you've seen a lot of increase over the last 12 to 18
               months.

               Page 9 of 37
Anshul Asawa:                                                                         Avenue Supermarts Limited
Niladri Deb:                                                                                           July 28, 2026

Anand Shah:     I mean, at least from the annual report, I could pick up the staff cost quantum has gone up
                significantly, almost 40% plus. So are we done with that buildup because our sense is that that
Anshul Asawa:   may have been front-loaded because of accelerated store expansion? So just wanted your
Anand Shah:     thoughts on the margins and where we see GM and staff cost.
Anshul Asawa:
Anand Shah:     Okay. Maybe I'll ask Niladri to answer this question, and I'll come in later.
Moderator:
Garima Mishra:  So, I think the gross margins, if you notice, have just gone up by 16 bps without any appreciable
Anshul Asawa:   change in the product mix. So this I think is rational for the margins that we make on the
                business. So as Anshul mentioned earlier, our healthy gross margin is in the range of 14% to
                15%, which keeps us very, very competitive, and that's the moat that we look at.

                Staff cost, yes, there has been a significant upsizing that we have done for the capability build
                that we have mentioned earlier. Whether this is the end or not, very difficult to say, but I think
                we are building the organization for a very large organization size. From that perspective, we
                think the company can do much better in terms of volumes and turnover, and hence we are
                building the staff cost ahead of the curve, is how I will put it.

                Got it. Got it. And just a last question from me. I mean, just wanted some thoughts on, I mean,
                metros you of course highlighted a lot in terms of the matured stores and all. But from, let's say,
                other towns in Tier 2 and maybe in Tier 1 as well, how are you seeing the throughput ramp up,
                let's say, for the stores you've seen in the last two years that you opened? And in general, I'm
                assuming, I mean, quick commerce competition there is less, so there the growth is tracking
                higher, or how are you seeing it generally play out versus quick commerce?

                No, so I think those stores, as we mentioned also, are doing much better versus the metro stores
                and the older stores. And the throughput and the pickup also in these stores has gone as per our
                expectations. So we are quite happy with the way the progress is happening in these Tier 1 and
                Tier 2 cities.

                Got it. But so, I mean, if I have to just call out specifically, then the SSG in those stores would
                be much better than your company average?

                Yes.

                Got it. Got it. Thanks. Thanks a lot. Thank you.

                Thank you. The next question is from the line of Garima Mishra from Kotak Securities. Please
                go ahead.

                Yes, thank you so much for the opportunity. Anshul, a question for you. In the annual report,
                you have highlighted that DMart focuses on bulk procurement and prefers bulk purchase by
                customers. Is the latter thought still relevant in the context of quick commerce, which is focusing
                on just the opposite, a higher frequency and low AOV model?

                So Garima, I have talked about the bulk purchases that we make from our vendors and also the
                fact that many of our customers still buy large quantities for their monthly or weekly shopping,

                                     Page 10 of 37
Garima Mishra:                                                                        Avenue Supermarts Limited
Anshul Asawa:                                                                                          July 28, 2026

Garima Mishra:  especially given that we have large families and a pattern of buying which makes people buy
Anshul Asawa:   both monthly as well as, of course, on a daily basis for convenience shopping, etcetera.

                So our business model is created in such a manner that we will be able to provide a significant
                amount of value to make that trip worth it for the customer to come to a DMart store. And a
                significant number of customers actually make that trip and save a significant amount of money
                in their monthly budget by doing so.

                So if I were to sort of just reflect on this, I don't see this going away, Garima. This is likely to
                continue where people will, of course, at times for sheer convenience want to go to a quick
                commerce site and order something at 9:00 PM or 10:00 PM or even in the morning. But when
                it will come to taking the whole month's grocery, or for that matter, even the whole week's
                grocery, it would make more sense to come to a DMart store and get that significant saving in
                their basket.

                All right. Understood. In this context only, is competition from quick commerce having any
                impact on where you would add new stores? Is it likely that most of incremental stores are added
                in Tier 2, Tier 3 cities or other large cities where competition from quick commerce is a little
                lower?

                No, so we are not driving it in this manner, to be honest, Garima, because as I mentioned earlier,
                some of our metro stores, which mature, which become saturated, sometimes require another
                store nearby for us to be able to cater to all the customers and also reduce the pressure on those
                stores. So, to a large extent, this will be driven by the opportunity that we see both in metro
                stores to reduce the pressure on our existing ones, but also the growth opportunity that other
                stores provide.

                As you know, we have a cluster-based approach, so as we get into more geographies, we will
                try and increase the density of stores in those states, in those markets. That is also another thing
                that would drive our store expansion strategy. I mentioned that we've entered into four or five
                states, and so therefore in these four or five states that we entered last year we would be looking
                at how we could increase our density in these places because that would provide us the
                operational efficiency to be able to again serve the customers with great value.

                So a combination of those. So, it's not as if we are now identifying those markets where quick
                commerce is not present and hence only opening there. That is not the strategy at all. It is looking
                at every place, whether it's Mumbai or Bangalore or even Hyderabad, we are looking at
                opportunities even in these places to open new stores.

                Very clear. And last question from me. Some view on store-level margins. Now as some of your
                older stores mature same-store sales growth compresses, but there is an inflation-linked increase
                in costs every year, and this year we've already seen minimum wage hikes, etcetera. So how do
                you intend to ensure consistent margin performance of some of these stores?

                We don't look at a store level margin in that much detail, and this is not a metric that we chase
                with our store teams. We look at how we are doing at an overall level, Garima. And as long as

                                     Page 11 of 37
Garima Mishra:                                                                        Avenue Supermarts Limited
Anshul Asawa:                                                                                          July 28, 2026
Moderator:
Arnab Mitra:    we see that the stores are being run in a productive manner, the productivity levels are good, our
                expenses are in control, and the throughputs are again driving that, we are actually quite okay.
Anshul Asawa:
                We are indeed seeing some inflation on account of the wage code and also general inflation, but
                the throughput increase at this point of time that we see from these stores is taking care of some
                of that. But are we getting into the granularity of each store's P&L and chasing our teams around
                that? No, we don't do that.

                Very clear, Anshul. Thank you so much for taking my questions.

                Thanks, Garima.

                Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arnab Mitra from Goldman Sachs. Please go
                ahead.

                Yes, hi team. I had a couple of questions. The first is actually again related to the quick
                commerce competition you're facing. I just wanted to understand, are you making any changes
                in your stores, whether it is for service standards or using data from a consumer side, which will
                help you maintain better share of the consumer wallet in these cities where quick commerce is
                becoming bigger?

                And a related question to that is why is there still -- why do you still want to stick to a slotted
                six-hour delivery? Is there some consumer insight that six hours is something where the
                consumer values quite a lot because the service standards obviously have gone up significantly
                with quick commerce and the expectations of delivery times are now very low? So just wanted
                to understand this six-hour delivery versus not trying to go for a immediate delivery model even
                if it's a longer, like 45-50 minutes.

                Okay. Thank you, Arnab. Thanks for your questions. So, I think the first one on what are we
                trying to do against quick commerce in the store. I think the way I would answer this question
                is that like any other channel, whether it is general trade or other modern trade, quick commerce
                is also now an important and relevant channel.

                We keep scouting and looking for what is scaling up in these channels. And if there is anything
                which is becoming relevant for our customers, we would want to bring it into a DMart store as
                well. And we have a model of trying those out in a few stores and seeing whether it is making,
                it is getting traction and then of course rolling it out fast as well.

                So to answer that question, if there is something which is becoming really relevant on quick
                commerce or GT or any other channel, Arnab, we do scan that, and there are ways of doing it,
                and then we do bring those in. And there are quite a few examples that we have in our stores
                over the last few years where we have done that.

                We will not, as I said earlier also, we will not be the first place where a new brand will get
                launched. Once a brand gets scaled, it would be brought in quickly into a DMart store and scaled
                up. So that is the answer to your first question. The second question around slotted delivery. So

                                     Page 12 of 37
Arnab Mitra:                                                                         Avenue Supermarts Limited
                                                                                                      July 28, 2026
Anshul Asawa:
Niladri Deb:   Arnab, here our belief is that there are different types of let's say models in operation at this point
Arnab Mitra:   of time.

               Quick commerce obviously is the one which is going to be spoken about the most, I guess, in
               this call also. It is a model where we are choosing not to play because we believe that our
               uniqueness would be in being able to provide tremendous value to those who are planning a
               purchase for their monthly or fortnightly requirement and they will be fine with a delivery which
               is under six hours.

               It's not that we are saying six hours, it could also be under six hours. So, it is a slotted delivery
               for a large purchase which also then leads to tremendous value saved for that customer. And we
               believe that there is a significant number of such customers. What we, however, need to do is to
               make sure that we are able to serve them in a profitable way.

               So Arnab, one of the things that we've chosen, which would be different possibly from other
               models, is that we've chosen to follow a path where we will grow this business in a responsible
               way, we'll grow this business in a profitable way, we'll grow this business by serving the needs
               of those set of customers who are looking for value from a large basket.

               Got it. Thanks. That's very helpful. My second question is actually again on the leasing model.
               So you did mention 68 stores which are now leased. Just wanted to understand of the 85 stores
               which you added last year, if you could give a number of how many of those stores were leased?
               Why I'm asking this question is just to understand incrementally is the proportion of leased stores
               going up, and therefore does it have implications on capex that you need to do now going ahead?

               And also given that the lease cost would probably be lying in lease or amortization, and you
               could correct me if I'm wrong. Is it now more important to look at the EBIT margins rather than
               EBITDA margins because a lot of the store cost could be incrementally lying down? So just
               wanted to help on understanding the lease model impact on financials, at least directionally.

               So I will take on the first part, Arnab, and then hand over to Niladri. So, when you were talking
               about how many stores did we add last year and how many of them were leased? So, we had 15
               stores added last year, which were on the lease model out of the 85. So slightly more, higher
               percentage compared to what we have done in the past. 68 in the total base of 500. So, 15 added
               last year. Niladri?

               On the financial modeling, Arnab, you're right, the finance and the depreciation cost under AS
               116 comes below EBITDA, so you can look at PBT as a fair indicator of the impact of lease cost
               in the P&L. But as Anshul mentioned, 15 out of 85 is not a very big number to distort the P&L
               widely. Plus, the lease costs are also amortized over a longer duration of the lease rent, which is
               a long-duration lease contract, so unlikely to drastically alter the P&L size.

               Got it. Thanks so much. If I may ask one last question. In the last 3 quarters, Anshul, what we
               have seen is growth of 13% in the December quarter, 19% in the March, and 15% in the June
               quarter. It's been a little volatile by your own standards, which historically were much more
               closer.

                                    Page 13 of 37
Anshul Asawa:                                                                         Avenue Supermarts Limited
                                                                                                       July 28, 2026
Arnab Mitra:
Anshul Asawa:   So if anything you could help for us to appreciate this variation that happened in the last 3
Moderator:      quarters' growth, were there any specific factors which happened which could make us
Amit Sachdeva:  understand how these 3 quarters played out?

Anshul Asawa:   I think we've been quite transparent, Arnab, in terms of sharing at least the big highlights on
                each of these quarters. In the quarter where we had the 13% growth, some of that was on account
                of the deflation that we had in our grocery business, staples business.

                When it came to last quarter of the previous financial year, the 19% growth to some extent did
                get impacted by the panic buying that happened in the month of March, which then had a
                spillover effect onto the next quarter, which is this last quarter that has just gone by.

                So, there are, of course, a few events that have happened and a few conditions that prevailed
                around inflation or deflation that have resulted into this type of variation that you are talking
                about. And those have been explained, and those were the main reasons for this difference
                between 13, 19, and 15.

                Got it. Thanks. Thanks so much. That's it from my side. All the best.

                Thanks, Arnab.

                Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nihal Mahesh Jham from HSBC. Please go
                ahead. Mr. Nihal, your line has been unmuted. Please go ahead with your question. As there is
                no response, we are moving ahead with the next question. The next question is from the line of
                Amit Sachdeva from UBS. Please go ahead.

                Hi, good evening and good afternoon, and thank you so much for taking my question. Sir, my
                question is on network rollout. Thank you for sharing that there's a 15% expansion target and
                you're open to leasing as well. What I wanted to ask is that this would sort of imply about 75
                store run rate and gradually going up.

                But is this ambition right in the current context where everybody's trying to grow stores and
                grow businesses, and can it be 100, 150 as well? Is there a bottleneck in going to that number,
                or is it something that you want to just feel comfortable with that number?

                What I want to ask is that, is there a possibility that the store could be 20,000, not 40,000, and
                slightly more leased, not owned always, but it is the urgency with which you need to build
                network would sort of help you capture the value -- the market which is expanding, but then
                competition is also rising as you rightly say. So is there something rigid about this 15%, or is
                something that is kind of a goal but it can go up and down? Just want to understand the thought
                process behind 15%.

                Yes. So, I think, you know, this has been spoken about in the past as well where we've tried to
                give a range, but this time I wanted to be a bit deliberate in terms of saying, internally we go for
                this 15% number. We plan our land acquisitions, the building of the real estate, the property, all
                of that on the basis this type of an internal number.

                                     Page 14 of 37
Amit Sachdeva:                                                                        Avenue Supermarts Limited
                                                                                                       July 28, 2026

                But then on the vagaries of real estate and how things could change because of a variety of
                factors, sometimes these numbers could be higher, sometimes these numbers could be lower.
                Last year, for example, to be very honest, we thought that we would be opening lesser number
                of stores than we eventually ended up opening.

                But because we had certain properties that got ready faster than we thought, we decided to open
                them in the last quarter of the financial year. And so therefore, you had a much higher number
                reflected in the previous year. So, this all depends on how, as per our business model, stores get
                ready, the land gets acquired, etcetera.

                We have built a team, Amit, such that, it can actually scale more and more number of stores for
                us in the future. But land acquisition and building a property is always going to be a challenge,
                and so therefore we do not want to rush into it, and we do want to make sure that whatever we
                are doing, we are doing properly.

                We are building a store as per our requirement, we are building as per the regulatory
                requirements, and ensuring that we have people staffed in it who can run the store operations as
                per the DMart ways of working. So yes, there might be a little bit of conservatism according to
                you, but we want to make sure that when we get the store in a market, we get it right the first
                time and we are able to scale it as the years pass by.

                The option of lease, as I've mentioned already, is always open if we are not able to get land that
                meets our requirement. This is something which will be, for example, very relevant for a market
                like NCR where it is always difficult to get an owned property. Or for that matter, in other
                geographies as well, we are looking at that option. As far as the smaller stores are concerned, if
                for example that smaller store meets our requirement, we will go for that as well.

                So, there is no requirement that we need to necessarily have a 40,000 plus square foot store only.
                There are examples of where we've gone for lesser square footage too if that meets that market's
                requirement.

                But again, coming back, we believe that going for this kind of a number of 15% provides us the
                bandwidth to do these stores properly so that we can run the operations as per our DMart ways
                of working to be able to serve the customers. And if we can achieve that type of target, we'll also
                be able to get into that good growth band that we would want to have in the medium to long
                term.

                Got it. That's very helpful. Thank you so much. My second question is on the DMart Ready bit,
                and I think very clearly as you said that the focus would be on 11 markets and increasing the
                intensity of service levels to 6 hours and assortment which are suitable to that. So I think seems
                like a great initiative in my view.

                But my questions come from that, is there a change in the way business was done earlier? Would
                that be an omnichannel approach? Would you build that capability within the store itself, or it
                would be still a separate thing which is coming from 2 different places? What I want to
                understand is that why not merge that business with the main store business and see that as a one
                pin code growth rather than e-commerce being profitable?

                                     Page 15 of 37
Anshul Asawa:                                                                         Avenue Supermarts Limited
Amit Sachdeva:                                                                                         July 28, 2026
Anshul Asawa:
                I think the -- I see how fungible that two revenue stream could be. And is under the new plan, it
                is becoming more integrated or still sort of approached as two different set of requirements? Just
                want to understand is there a change in the thinking there or is more focus in delivering that
                value?

                No, so Amit, there's no change in thinking. If the question is whether there is a plan to integrate
                AEL with ASL business, so there is no such plan. Because our belief is that the online shopper
                and the customer that DMart Ready is catering to has some specific needs which are around
                convenience, which are around assortment that is relevant for them.

                And so therefore, I think we'll continue to drive it separately. Integrating with an ASL business,
                the physical store, is going to be hugely challenging, especially given the kind of intensity that
                we have in our ASL stores. The throughput, the footfalls, etcetera, would just not allow us to run
                an omnichannel type of an approach that you are talking about.

                So the plan is to keep them separate. I think the only change I would say which might have
                happened from the past is that we were trying different sets of models when it came to AEL.
                You know, we are aware of them, we had the pickup points, we had other models also which
                were being run.

                What we are now clear about is that the customer seems to have moved into a delivery type of a
                model, and so therefore that's where we would put all our focus on, and the others would
                therefore take a backseat.

                Thank you so much, Anshul. And just finally, if I may ask the last one. I think Arnab asked this
                question as well that, growth has been bit volatile, and you alluded to it is because of sometime
                pricing, inflation, deflation impact that kind of revenue trajectory.

                So what I want to ask is given we are in a bit of an inflationary environment where pricing across
                the board FMCG has taken and we see across many SKUs, so would you see that that elements
                will be more pronounced now and we should be going back to 19%-20% growth rate in the
                foreseeable?

                I'm not asking for guidance, but on the same principle, I'm just saying that was that 15% kind of
                growth that we saw last quarter, it was a one-off and we should be hoping for higher trajectory
                structurally, not just cyclically, but would you sort of signal that as well a little bit because given
                the pricing is becoming part of the equation now?

                So look, I can't sort of predict in terms of how inflation or pricing would be. As you know, we
                basically just pass through whatever pricing that is given to us from our vendors. So, we basically
                just ensure that the same is passed on whether it is price decrease or deflation or inflation.

                And so therefore, whatever gets passed on to us is what will get reflected in our business results
                as well. But it will be difficult to say what exactly that would mean in terms of actual numbers.
                But yes, suffice to say that whatever inflation that will be seen in the marketplace will get
                reflected in our pricing to customers.

                                     Page 16 of 37
Amit Sachdeva:                                                                        Avenue Supermarts Limited
Anshul Asawa:                                                                                          July 28, 2026
Moderator:
Latika Chopra:  Got it. Thank you so much, Anshul. Thank you so much for taking my questions. All the best.
Anshul Asawa:
Latika Chopra:  Thanks, Amit.

Anshul Asawa:   Thank you. The next question is from the line of Latika Chopra from J.P. Morgan. Please go
                ahead.

                Yes, hi. Can you hear me?

                Yes, we can. Go ahead, Latika.

                My first question was, you know, I heard you talk a lot about e-commerce, but I wanted to check
                if you could share with us some color on underlying operating metrics on high-frequency
                indicators for the DMart Ready business, maybe in a more -- relatively more mature market like
                Mumbai for you in terms of AOV or transaction growth.

                And also wanted better clarity on how do you sense the QC risk in some of the, you know,
                whether that risk is more relevant or real for Tier 2 and 3 cities too? Today, are we
                underestimating that risk for these markets? Something that is bothering us in Tier 1 cities and
                metros could become a bigger issue in the smaller cities as well. That was the first question.

                And the second question was, you know, as you scale up your presence both offline and online,
                could you call out some of the management leadership changes in your team that you have done
                over the past one year? Thank you.

                So on the first question, Latika, I think some of the metrics that you are talking about
                unfortunately, we do not disclose those. So, I will not be able to share that. But the question that
                you asked me around what is happening to Tier 2 and what will happen to quick commerce,
                etcetera.

                So again, I can't really say what will happen to quick commerce because that is something that
                is for them to drive. Our belief is that, if we can continue to drive our brick-and-mortar business,
                the way we've driven it in the last couple of decades, which is making sure that these are able to
                offer everyday low prices to customers on everyday consumption products, we provide a very
                significant value to the customer and therefore a long-term sustainable business model.

                And we need to go to more and more geographies because I think it has been said in the past in
                these calls as well that the Indian market is still quite a large market, and organized trade at this
                point in time is still relatively a small fraction of the total business. And so therefore, it will have
                the opportunity, it will provide the opportunity to all types of channels and business models.

                And I think the question to ask in my mind is whether the brick-and-mortar business of DMart
                can be a sustainable growth model in the long term? And the answer to that we believe is yes, a
                resounding yes, because it is a profitable model, it is a model which is providing value to
                customers, it is providing value to vendors. And so therefore, if we can keep driving that well,
                whether it is in Tier 1 or in Tier 2 or 3 cities, we'll do well.

                                     Page 17 of 37
Latika Chopra:                                                                        Avenue Supermarts Limited
Anshul Asawa:                                                                                          July 28, 2026

Latika Chopra:  Now what quick commerce does there in the coming years is for them to decide. The question
Anshul Asawa:   really will be around the sustainability of anything that we provide to customers, which in our
                case we believe we will be able to do through everyday low prices.

                Sure. And could you talk about any key KPIs you track for your e-commerce operations? What
                -- is it like, you know, currently it is maybe close to EBITDA break-even or slight losses on
                EBITDA, but what are the key KPIs you will track there? Is it like you would want it to turn
                profitable first and then scale up, or any color or any thought process that you could share with
                us?

                Yes, so that, Latika, I think I've mentioned saying that we do want to make sure that in these 11
                cities, we are able to prove our model, which basically means that we are giving the service that
                we've promised to the customer around assortment, around delivery time, around the experience,
                the convenience of shopping on our platform. And the real question for me is that, are we able
                to do that in a sustainable profitable manner?

                And the KPIs that typically the industry would track, we also track internally. It's not as if we
                do not track any of those, and those are also equally important. But for us, it's also important to
                understand, whether we will be able to do this business profitably. Because let me be very
                transparent here.

                Over the years, last few years, what we have seen is that as we've tried to expand into more and
                more cities and geographies, the -- of course, the number of customers acquired were larger,
                etcetera, but our losses also grew quite significantly. And so therefore, I think the call that we
                have taken is, we would want to make sure that these losses are reduced significantly and we
                have a way forward to be able to drive this business more profitably.

                Understood. And Anshul, at a aggregate consol DMart level, you mentioned that, SSG for the
                business should hover around current levels, which is hovering between 7%-8%, maybe at that
                level. Assuming that and you have laid out wage inflation and generally the e-commerce will
                also come with a cost.

                Do you see a potential -- how should one think about the net margin for the business going
                ahead? Do you see any material downside risk, or you think the business should be able to
                maintain the margins in the current range?

                I think, Latika, again, I think if you look at the financials over the last 5, 6, maybe even 7 or 8
                years, our margins have been broadly in that range of 14% to 15% at a gross margin level. And
                a net margin also, we believe that if we can be around that 5% type of a range, ballpark range,
                we are quite happy with that. So I don't see any significant material impact that should happen
                on the net margin front.

                And as has been said again in these calls in the past as well, we are not really looking at
                expanding the margin at the cost of compromising our proposition to customers. And so
                therefore, 15% kind of a gross margin and let's say around a 5% kind of a net margin should be
                the North Star for this business even in the future.

                                     Page 18 of 37
Latika Chopra:                                                                        Avenue Supermarts Limited
Anshul Asawa:                                                                                          July 28, 2026

Latika Chopra:  Understood. And the last one, just repeating my earlier question on, any callouts on your
Anshul Asawa:   leadership changes or any specific capability build-out that you are particularly focused on?
Moderator:      Thank you.
Jignanshu Gor:
                So I think I've already mentioned about the capabilities that we'd want to build. So one is, of
Anshul Asawa:   course, in a larger organization with many more stores and a more complex organization setup,
Niladri Deb:    we would need to keep building capabilities across levels, both at senior management and also
                at the store levels. We will need to obviously build capabilities in the technology space that I've
                also called out. So we are looking at bringing in talent in that space as well.

                And as far as my own leadership team is concerned, there are some natural progressions that
                would anyway happen as superannuation happens or some exits happen. So those will all be part
                of the natural course that we will be taking and informing you as and when they do.

                Understood. Thank you so much for answering our questions. Wish you the best.

                Thank you, Latika. Thanks for your questions.

                Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jignanshu Gor from Bernstein. Please go ahead.

                Hi, good morning, and thank you for taking my question. My first one was on the employee cost
                and number. So we've talked about capability building in the employee cost, which I presume
                explains the significant addition in permanent employee count by almost 4,000 in this year, right,
                which is the highest ever.

                But on the contractual employee side, despite we adding 85 stores, the employee count went up
                by only 2,200, right, versus an average addition of almost 10,000 in the last 3 years. So how
                should we think about this? Is there any change in approach of how many employees do we have
                at the store, etcetera?

                Yes, thanks for your question, Jignanshu. Niladri can give you some details here.

                Yes, on this permanent employee count, what happens, Jignanshu, is that every store that we
                open needs a cohort of permanent employees to run the store efficiently. So that is about 75%-
                80% of the head count addition that we have done. So this year, since the head count -- the store
                count went up, so obviously the permanent head count will go up.

                On the non-permanent head count, you're right. There are 2 things that we must keep in mind.
                One is the position that you are seeing in the BRSR report is a position at a point in time, 31st
                March to be precise. And secondly, we have driven productivity initiatives for the manpower in
                the stores as well as the warehouses. So those counts are inclusive of that.

                So we have seen some ability for us to do some mechanization, some productivity improvement,
                which has helped us optimize the head count of the non-permanent side. So that is how we are
                looking at it. On the absolute number of employee cost per se, there has been a slight impact
                also of the wage code that we implemented from December 2025 and the March quarter. So that
                also has contributed to the 33% hike in employee cost in the standalone financials.

                                     Page 19 of 37
Jignanshu Gor:                                                                        Avenue Supermarts Limited
Niladri Deb:                                                                                           July 28, 2026
Jignanshu Gor:
Niladri Deb:    Okay. Just if I can follow-up on the permanent employee at a store level. Would you be able to
                highlight typically which profiles of employees at stores are permanent versus contractual for
Jignanshu Gor:  us?
Niladri Deb:
                So the frontline employees in the store, which are largely the cashiers and the packers and the
                shop assistants, are all non-permanent. The management employees, which are the department
                managers, store managers, and all that, are permanent.

                Great. Thank you. That's helpful. My second question was on the financing approach or capex,
                right? You said there's we have around INR900-odd crores of actual debt on our books as of 31st
                March. And if I look at commercial paper, etcetera, as of right now, it seems around INR800
                crores are outstanding, plus we have INR1,000 crores of NCDs which you've approved.

                Is this -- the INR1,000 crores expected to be in addition to the existing INR800 crores of CP, or
                a replacement? And how do we think about debt as a way of funding our expansion?

                So on the expansion side, the availability of funds will not be a hindrance to expanding. So this
                INR1,000 crores NCD has been approved for us to explore opportunities of reducing the cost of
                debt. For some time, it could be in addition to the CPs that we are holding.

                So we might go to an INR2,000 crores borrowing by the end of the year, but that is all going
                towards managing capex. If you see last year, capex was upwards of INR4,000 crores, and with
                the increasing store count that we want to pursue, we will need some capex - that is the plan.

                So, it gives us the flexibility to reduce the cost of borrowing through the NCD route and also
                gives us an opportunity to borrow for longer periods without the interest rate risk. Because if
                you go to the CP market every quarter, you run an interest rate risk based on how the overall
                market is moving. We want some certainty in the cost of borrowing, hence we have taken an
                approval for NCD placement.

                Fair. Very helpful. Just one last point on the expansion of the network that we've seen so far. So,
                we've been increasing the amount of money that we spent on land acquisition every year, right,
                over the last especially over the last 5 years. And we've mentioned in the past that on an average,
                we convert acquired land into store in 2 years.

                Is that timeline still consistent, and hence would it be fair estimate to say that sort of the FY26
                store addition was the FY24 land acquisition on a very averaged out basis? Is that a fair estimate?

                So historically, what we have seen is depending on the configuration of the store, it anyway
                takes between 2 and 3 years. So if we have a double basement plus multiple-story store, it takes
                a bit longer. If it's a ground floor store, it happens much faster. But the way we look at land
                acquisition is we keep generally a pipeline of 2-3 years of projects based on the land acquisition
                portfolio.

                And if you want a strict correlation of stores opened in '26, was the land for them all bought in
                '24 - might not be true all the time because some stores get converted a bit later, there are some
                permissions, regulatory approvals which take a longer time. But suffice to say that as of now,

                                     Page 20 of 37
Jiganshu Gor:                                                                             Avenue Supermarts Limited
                                                                                                           July 28, 2026
Niladri Deb:
                    we are sitting on a project execution pipeline of next two to three years of stores that we will
Anshul Asawa:       open and it takes as Anshul mentioned earlier, it takes varying amount of time based on
                    complexity and the local micro-market dynamics.
Jiganshu Gor:
                    Fair. And last question on this is again, in the past we have mentioned that as we follow the 70-
Anshul Asawa:       30 approach of opening network, which is 70% in the same sort of states or cities and 30% in
                    exploring new states, our ramp-up time for new stores has gone up.
Jiganshu Gor:
Anshul Asawa:       So, would you be able to throw some light on that? Is that what we are seeing in the stores that
Moderator:          we are opening now, especially in the smaller towns? Are we seeing a faster ramp-up of, let's
Nihal Mahesh Jham:  say, a steady-state revenue and is that an optical implication on the SSG?
Anshul Asawa:
Nihal Mahesh Jham:  So, two things you have to keep in mind here. One is, Jiganshu, that the SSSG that we disclose
                    is for stores more than two-years-old. The second is that it is very city-specific. In some cities,
                    where we are super-saturated, the stores ramp up faster. Some new city stores take longer time
                    to ramp up. It's a mix. It is not a one-size-fits-all approach.

                    And I think if I can just add here, I think there are various factors that happen. So, it also depends
                    on how strong the DMart brand is in certain states. So, what sometimes happens is that in a state
                    where the name is known, the proposition is known, even in a smaller or a newer city, the ramp-
                    up happens much faster. So, it's a combination of different things which drive that.

                    Got it. And on the store expansion, just a very quick follow-up. You've mentioned 15% as your
                    longer-term CAGR target, but last year obviously we did 20%. So this year, is it possible or
                    feasible, without any commitment of course, to do more than 15% and closer to that 20% again
                    or would you say that 15% is a fair estimate even for this year and next year?

                    Yes, so I think as I've said, the internal number or internal ambition that we will look at will be
                    that 15% number. And again, depending on how the situation turns out on the real estate
                    development, the permissions, etcetera, it could be a couple of percentage points higher or lower.
                    So that will be something which we'll know closer only to the time.

                    Great. Thank you so much for the opportunity. I'll come back in the queue for more questions.

                    Thank you.

                    Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nihal Mahesh Jham from HSBC. Please go
                    ahead.

                    Yes, hi team. Good afternoon. Am I audible?

                    Yes, you are, Nihal. Go on.

                    Yes. Hi Anshul. Anshul, three questions. First is just one clarification that to one of the earlier
                    participants, did you mention that say for the cohort of metro stores given say the increasing
                    competition, maturity and the fact that we are opening more stores closer, that the new normal
                    SSG is going to be more like a mid-single digit or the current trend? Just wanted to first clarify
                    that.

                                         Page 21 of 37
Anshul Asawa:                                                                             Avenue Supermarts Limited
Nihal Mahesh Jham:                                                                                         July 28, 2026
Anshul Asawa:
Nihal Mahesh Jham:  So, I think we've said that it will be around the current trend, what we have been seeing over the
                    last few years.
Anshul Asawa:
                    Current trend, I mean, is it what we did in just the last quarter or you're talking about the year
Nihal Mahesh Jham:  earlier? Just to be more clear.
Anshul Asawa:
Nihal Mahesh Jham:  Last year.
Anshul Asawa:
Nihal Mahesh Jham:  Okay. That's very helpful. The second thing is, again, you mentioned that DMart's proposition
Anshul Asawa:       remains more about the fact that it's slotted and it's for the monthly purchases. But as we've been
                    asking literally every year that today at least from the comparisons we do anecdotally or
                    checking your prices online versus a lot of the other quick commerce players, there is sort of
                    pricing parity that we notice.

                    And given that for a store, there is this incremental effort and cost of traveling involved and the
                    time involved, so then how is it that a customer then makes a choice of then sort of visiting a
                    DMart store? I could be wrong that maybe my view of the prices may be different but that's one
                    view that has come at least in the last few years and again a question that comes along as we
                    speak to you.

                    Yes, so I think it's a fair question and I think it's an important question for DMart, whether we
                    are still seen as the value retailer which is our core proposition. And our belief, so first of all, I
                    think you can be rest assured that this is something that we watch with a hawk's eye, whether it
                    is an online channel or an offline one.

                    And we are quite confident to say that majority of the products that we would sell, we would be
                    quite competitive when it comes to pricing. But the way we look at it also, Nihal, is not like, at
                    every single SKU level.

                    We finally look at it saying that at a total basket level, how much is the customer saving? So if
                    he or she is buying, let's say, INR5,000 worth of goods, are they actually able to save INR1,500
                    or INR2,000 on that total basket? Because that's finally what the customers will eventually look
                    at in terms of the ROI of making that effort to come to a DMart store and buying from us.

                    Right, Anshul. But say if we look at it from an AOV perspective, we are at INR1,600. So, is it
                    that on every purchase that a customer can save at least say more than 10% or more than
                    INR150? Because that is when ideally the choice would move towards a DMart store visit versus
                    say ordering online. Is that you feel is something that value you're providing?

                    Sorry, Nihal, I couldn't get your question. Can you please repeat that?

                    So sorry. I was asking that say if you look at from an average order value perspective...

                    Nehal, your voice is breaking.

                    Is this better?

                    Right now, I can hear you but I was not able to hear you previously.

                                         Page 22 of 37
Nihal Mahesh Jham:                                                                        Avenue Supermarts Limited
Anshul Asawa:                                                                                              July 28, 2026
Nihal Mahesh Jham:
Anshul Asawa:       Sure. I was just asking that say if our average order value is INR1,600 at this point, are we giving
                    a saving of at least say 10-15% on every visit that a customer does as per our understanding right
Nihal Mahesh Jham:  now?
Anshul Asawa:
Nihal Mahesh Jham:  Our belief is that we'd actually be giving more than that, but we don't -- I don't have that number
Anshul Asawa:       offhand. But if somebody is buying on an average INR1,600, it will be significantly more than
Moderator:          the 10% number that you're talking about.
Manoj:
                    Sure. Just one final question is that given we are obviously incrementally opening so many more
Anshul Asawa:       stores in Tier-1, Tier-2 cities and beyond, what would be the ballpark difference in productivity
                    versus the metro stores or the average that we are currently doing?

                    So, I think, yes, the productivity in the smaller towns especially as they scale up would obviously
                    be lower compared to the metro cities. And then, it takes time before those stores start becoming
                    productive.

                    But then you should also remember that the cost of operating those stores is also relatively less
                    compared to the metro stores, whether it is the cost that we would have paid for buying the
                    property itself or running the operations. So, those would be lower, but at the start, the
                    productivity would indeed be significantly lower but it gradually picks up.

                    Sure. Just possible to get a sense that maturity how different does it work versus the system
                    average right now?

                    I don't think we'll be able to disclose that number in terms of the variance by city, Nihal.

                    Okay, Anshul. I get that. Thank you so much.

                    Thank you, Nihal.

                    Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manoj from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead.

                    Hi team. Sorry for belaboring this point about DMart versus the quick commerce channel. But I
                    actually just wanted to double-click on some of the assertions made a little earlier. Let me put it
                    this way.

                    So if you look at DMart quarterly revenue is about INR19,000 crores currently. Blinkit is about
                    INR1,500 crores. So the fact of the matter is quick commerce is catching up in size. And the
                    logical assumption would be size to bigger scale.

                    So in that context, if you could just tell us, while you mentioned just five minutes back about
                    the value proposition is still material, how this has evolved in the last couple of years and how
                    do you see this, let's say, three years from today?

                    Manoj, maybe possibly the same thing that I stated earlier that our belief is that what we need to
                    do is make sure that the DMart proposition now is available in more places. So, the way that we
                    see this growth happening is by being available in more states, more cities, more markets. And

                    Page 23 of 37
Manoj:                                                                               Avenue Supermarts Limited
Anshul Asawa:                                                                                         July 28, 2026
Manoj:
               so therefore, obviously, the faster we are able to do that and the faster we are able to scale those
Anshul Asawa:  geographies, the better it would be for us.

               I think we are only improving on that front but are we comparing ourselves with what is exactly
               happening on the quick commerce side? We are not. Because as I said earlier as well, there is
               still a lot of runway for organized trade.

               There's a lot many more customers who need to experience modern retail for that matter and an
               online retail format and each of us whether the quick commerce or the brick-and-mortar
               business, will keep driving that business model. And I think my feeling is that whoever is able
               to drive that sustainably over the next few years is likely to remain 10 years or 20 years from
               now as well.

               Understood, sir. Thank you. Just maybe if I may a quick follow-up here. Let's say the value
               proposition for a like-for-like basket, let's say in your opinion, how it has trended in the last let's
               say two years and where it's likely to settle in the medium-term?

               So, I don't have that data right away. We'll try and see if we can provide that information to you,
               Manoj. But I think the way I would see it is that on that basket we will want to remain the most
               competitive and that is something that we will keep a watch on and not let anyone else take that
               space.

               Understood, sir. Secondly on expansion, I understand this is also discussed in fair bit of detail
               earlier, but let me ask clarify a couple of things.

               One, you just mentioned a little earlier that one of the opportunities to, let's say, go to newer
               towns, newer cities, etcetera. But when I see this, let's say, aspiration or intent versus the actual
               plan, it appears there is a bit of a gap here.

               And you also mentioned clearly 15 minutes back that capital is just not availability is not an
               issue, etcetera, etcetera. So, is it just that what exactly stops you from let's say opening 100
               stores? Is it let's say the fact that the ratio of new locations you need to scout before you finalize
               one, probably that has increased over the years? So, what are those top three challenges which
               stops you from let's say opening 100 stores in a year?

               So, I think as you yourself have said capital is not the challenge. It is also not people. It's not as
               if we do not have people. It is just that typically the model that we have chosen takes a lot more
               time to build new stores. The fact that you need to get the right land, land which is clean,
               regulatory requirements and then the fact that we need to build it, which takes anyway from two
               to three years' time.

               So, there's a certain amount of time that it takes to build stores in this particular model. This
               being our moat is what we would not want to give up. Having said that we've said that wherever
               possible and if we indeed need to go for a lease option because that is the most feasible and a
               faster option, we are open to that as well.

               Page 24 of 37
Manoj:                                                                                  Avenue Supermarts Limited
                                                                                                         July 28, 2026
Niladri Deb:
                  The number that I've indicated to you 15%, obviously means that at some point in time in the
Manoj:            future, we will need to open up those numbers as well, 100 stores or 150 as well. And our belief
Niladri Deb:      is that we will be able to do that at that point in time. But at this stage, where we are with about
                  500 stores, I think that number may not be a reasonable number to look at.
Manoj:
Anshul Asawa:     Understood, sir. And lastly, if the number of -- I think there is this retail, metric, right? The
Moderator:        numbers of locations you need to see before you finalize one. It could be 1:3, 1:5 depending on
Aliasgar Shakir:  honestly the risk profile of each company. Is that -- has that changed or how does that trended
                  let's say in the last few years?

                  I think, Manoj, the conversion has more or less remained steady. So, we shortlist a lot of
                  properties, we do diligence, some properties fall off because the documentation is not clear and
                  some landlords also are hesitant to sell everything and all that. So, all these complexities are
                  remaining. We have not seen a significant downgrading of conversion rates across the years.

                  So, it's not a question of increasing manpower let's say in that area so that you want to increase
                  the output also, right? So it's something which you can drive if you want to.

                  We have increased manpower. That is why the property -- the store openings have increased and
                  we are working as Anshul mentioned. So, when you say 15% of the baseline, it also is an
                  increasing target year-on-year, right? So the manpower is not a constraint. It's also about
                  availability of clean land parcels to our liking and the location. And we are working on it.

                  Thank you team and all the best.

                  Thank you, Manoj.

                  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aliasgar Shakir from Motilal Oswal Mutual
                  Fund. Please go ahead.

                  Thanks a lot for the opportunity and maybe I mean I would like to just persist on the same point
                  of quick commerce. So just, even if I know step back and see how our business has grown over
                  the last 5-10 years, probably in the last 5-10 years our biggest competition was only Kirana and
                  the EDLP actually was working excellent because like what Manoj said, the scale was in your
                  favor and obviously we had a sharp working capital and much better assortment, so you were
                  able to pass on all those benefits to the customer.

                  Now your biggest competition as even actually Manoj was indicating is the quick commerce
                  guys which have the scale and basically the, relatively much better assortment today versus what
                  we thought probably they would offer three years, five years back when they were only focusing
                  on very sharp SKU.

                  So that assortment is addressed, that, probably scale and pricing is addressed. So I hear your
                  point that, even now there's a lot of unorganized market that you are catering who have not yet,
                  moved to the modern retail and therefore maybe you are, targeting them and getting benefit.

                  Page 25 of 37
Anshul Asawa:                                                                           Avenue Supermarts Limited
                                                                                                         July 28, 2026
Aliasgar Shakir:
Anshul Asawa:     But would I be, right in my assessment that the competition today has changed dramatically and
                  structurally, the consumer who was earlier comfortable to, I mean, do monthly pantry shopping
                  because of the value that you were giving is now getting that benefit, without doing monthly
                  pantry shopping.

                  So maybe structurally, I mean, that customer is getting much better benefit and therefore the
                  value proposition is kind of diminishing for us?

                  Yes, so Ali, I think, I'll repeat my point again. But I think I'm sure you have the data as well, but
                  total organized trade including quick commerce and e-commerce still is roughly in the early
                  teens. Yes, and this includes the brick-and-mortar as well. So quick-com, e-com, modern retail,
                  everything put together is in early teens.

                  And which is the reason why we keep talking about the fact that there is opportunity for every
                  format. Now coming specifically, I think the quick commerce competition that at least we are
                  seeing is still largely in, the large dense metros, which is where, possibly, our stores might be
                  having some impact because there will be customers who will be preferring the convenience of
                  a 10-minute, 30-minute delivery given the challenges of, metros and the fact that, these are very
                  densely populated places where I guess quick commerce is making a lot more sense.

                  So are we not, are we seeing that, monthly shopping out of the large basket shopping reducing
                  in metros? We are not actually. We are actually seeing that to be, quite stable and strong. And
                  we're continuing to see, good traction in all our Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities. So to that extent, I think
                  we are not as worried in terms of, the long-term impact of quick commerce to us, not because,
                  we are competing with them directly, just because of the fact that there is so much more, to drive
                  in the total market of India.

                  Got it. So I think the point you are making basically is because you're in such an underpenetrated
                  market for organized retail, so as the customer moves from unorganized to organized, you are
                  able to kind of, I mean tap that customer and drive growth. The only point I thought is that for
                  that customer earlier, the big, lever was modern retail, so he would move to modern retail.

                  Now probably, I mean, maybe because of value proposition improving for quick commerce, he
                  would have that option also available. And given the fact that he doesn't have to do the monthly
                  pantry shopping, he could do it on a daily basis maybe, that probably could help. But I hear your
                  point.

                  Yes, I think the only thing which I will reiterate is that look, shoppers will always have different
                  types of shopping trips. And globally also if you see, there is a presence of e-commerce, maybe
                  not as much of quick commerce, but there are different shopping, trips that customers make, and
                  the same customer could be making that sometimes buying for convenience, sometimes buying
                  for experience, sometimes buying for, let's say a monthly shopping kind of a space.

                  So therefore, I think all of those will remain relevant to my mind in India as well. And so
                  therefore, given the fact that we have such low penetrated organized trade, given the fact that
                  customers will keep shopping in different ways, whosoever is able to, have a good sustainable

                                       Page 26 of 37
Aliasgar Shakir:                                                                        Avenue Supermarts Limited
Anshul Asawa:                                                                                            July 28, 2026
Moderator:
Ashish Kanodia:   model to service the needs of the customer at that point of time, should sustain a strong business
                  in the future.
Anshul Asawa:
                  Got it. Quite thanks. Thanks a lot, Anshul, for that detailed explanation. Thanks.
Ashish Kanodia:
                  Thanks, Ali.
Anshul Asawa:
                  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Kanodia from Citi Group. Please go
                  ahead.

                  Yes, thanks for the opportunity, sir. First on the store expansion, while I hear you out on the
                  15% internal target which you're working on and maybe in the next one year or two years
                  because that's the kind of land bank you have. But three years, four years out if you have to
                  actually, you know, grow at 18% or, it could be any higher number, just wanted to understand
                  what's, what would be the bottleneck?

                  Is it because capital is not, I think people is not, is it just that because real estate has a finite
                  supply, like you cannot create land, so just the 15% is the right number even if you have to take
                  a five-seven years' view?

                  No, our view at this point of time, Ashish, is that, you know, this is the right number at this point
                  in time, at least in the foreseeable future. Now what this number could be three years or four
                  years down the line will be difficult for me to say that.

                  But, we believe that at this point of time, we have the capacity, we have the people, and our real
                  estate team is working towards a number where this should be possible to deliver in the
                  foreseeable future.

                  Sure, sir. Second, just on the gross margin side, I think at least from a outside view what we
                  definitely see is that, quick commerce competition has been very intense and your product mix
                  has, not changed.

                  So when we look at the, like a slight improvement on gross margins, is it a fair assessment to
                  say that from a customer point of view, you might be actually giving even slightly higher
                  discount because you are matching prices, you're trying to be, the best value provider to the end
                  consumer, and the underlying gross margin improvement would have been slightly better
                  because of sourcing, etcetera., but it's just that, at a customer level, the value which you're
                  providing has actually gone up versus what it was one or two years back?

                  No, so Ashish, I think we've been very clear. We do not want to make margins which are beyond,
                  let's say, reasonable levels. And so therefore, wherever we will be getting, any benefit which
                  might be on account of sourcing, productivity, etcetera, and if it is in that ballpark 14% to 15%
                  type of a range, we will pass that on to customers.

                  And you're right that, we will as we've always been doing, we will keep looking at, competition
                  and making sure that we are still the best value retailer in a region. And that is something that

                                       Page 27 of 37
Ashish Kanodia:                                                                        Avenue Supermarts Limited
                                                                                                        July 28, 2026
Anshul Asawa:
Ashish Kanodia:  we keep doing. Now is that sort of, making a significant impact on our margin at this point of
                 time?
Anshul Asawa:
Ashish Kanodia:  Suffice to say that, yes, it's business as usual, and whatever, small impact would have happened
Anshul Asawa:    as well is I think compensated for through the other efficiencies which Niladri earlier spoke
Moderator:       about.

                 Sir, my point was more from a customer point of view that maybe as a customer, the value which
                 they were getting while visiting a DMart store, has it kind of improved even further given, it's
                 just that sometimes the competition helps the customer.

                 So like when you look at a customer spending on the same basket of products, the value which
                 they were getting maybe one and a half years, two years back versus what they're getting now,
                 is it higher?

                 Yes, so I again, as I said, I don't have this number right away, but I would assume so because,
                 we are not any less competitive than we were in the past. And we are obviously seeing a lot more
                 competition across cities. And so therefore, it is quite possible that they might they would be
                 getting, a lot better value, but I don't have an exact number to give you, Ashish.

                 Sure, sure. And just last one, because, you tried DMart Ready in, more number of cities and now
                 the focus is on say the top 11 cities. And my question is more from consumer behavior and also
                 from a quick commerce perspective that, what you might have seen in terms of the quick
                 commerce impact in the top four-five cities two years back.

                 I mean, are you see because are you seeing the similar impact in say the next 15-20 cities? I
                 mean, not talking about the Tier 3 towns, Tier 2 towns, but beyond the top four-five cities, if
                 you look at, you know, the next 15-20 cities, have you seen are you seeing that one, the consumer
                 behavior are kind of changing, moving towards more delivery focus, and that way, you are
                 seeing at least some bit of an impact in terms of whether, just the average order average order
                 size or average bill value or in terms of the frequency in which they are visiting? Are you starting
                 to see some of those impact in the next 15-20 cities now?

                 No, so Ashish, I think it will be difficult for me to say, but I don't, we don't, we're not seeing
                 any significant impact in those places. As I said, this seems to be more of an impact in, let's say
                 densely populated metros with some of the infrastructure challenges and so therefore, I think
                 that is where we see a little bit more. And whatever impact, if at all, would be quite minimal in
                 other places.

                 Got it. Thank you and all the best.

                 Yes, thank you.

                 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rakshit Desai from IIFL Capital. Please go
                 ahead.

                 Page 28 of 37
Percy Panthaki:                                                                        Avenue Supermarts Limited
Anshul Asawa:                                                                                           July 28, 2026
Percy Panthaki:
Anshul Asawa:    Hi, sir. This is Percy Panthaki here. Sir, just first one clarification. My line was not very clear
                 when you actually did clarify in response to an earlier question. When you said that SSSG can
Percy Panthaki:  maintain at current levels, did you mean last quarter level or last financial year level?
Anshul Asawa:
Percy Panthaki:  Last financial year.
Anshul Asawa:
Percy Panthaki:  Okay. Secondly, just wanted to understand the seven cities which you exited from for quick
Anshul Asawa:    commerce. How were those cities different from the existing cities and why only in those cities
Percy Panthaki:  this DMart Ready model did not work for you?

Anshul Asawa:    So, I think in these cities are, as I mentioned, the contribution that we were getting from a
                 business perspective was very minimal. And so therefore, we decided not to spend more time
                 and resources on those cities and trying to prove, the business in those cities and instead focus
                 on the remaining 11, which is where we have a sizable business.

                 In fact, some of those cities are relatively were relatively new as well for us when we went in.
                 And rather than therefore to spend and invest more, we said let's focus on the majority of the
                 business. So that's the answer to your question.

                 Understood. So do you track something like, let's say, a same city sales growth instead of a same
                 store sales growth for the brick-and-mortar? What is the equivalent metric that you have for the
                 DMart Ready, and what is that tracking at?

                 I think the equivalent for DMart Ready will be a PIN-code-level, growth that they would be
                 looking at, while we of course look at, overall city-level growth as well for the brick-and-mortar.

                 And would you be able to give some idea what is the same PIN code sales growth for the DMart
                 Ready?

                 No, that we do not disclose. Sorry.

                 Okay. Fair enough. But like any flavor if not the exact number, like is it a single digit or double
                 digit?

                 Cannot say. That's a good attempt.

                 Okay. Fair enough. And one from the consumer behavior point of view. So if let's say there was
                 earlier a consumer who was largely shopping at DMart and now he has partially shifted to quick
                 commerce, I mean, have you done some kind of consumer insighting studies or anything which
                 tells you how his behavior changes?

                 In the sense, that does he visit the store less often while buying the same quantity as earlier, or
                 does he visit the store as often as earlier but reduces bill size, or any kind of sort of insights in
                 case you've done any focus group studies or anything of that sort on this topic?

                 No, we haven't done that, and I think possibly you are aware as well that we do not really track
                 customer data, especially in our brick-and-mortar stores. So it will not be possible for us to kind

                                      Page 29 of 37
                                                                                       Avenue Supermarts Limited
                                                                                                        July 28, 2026

                 of track or trace a customer and their shopping behavior, nor have we done a study like you are
                 suggesting.

Percy Panthaki:  Okay. And lastly on the store opening, I know this has been done to death, but I still want to ask
                 this question. Earlier con-calls whenever we used to ask why more stores cannot be opened, the
Anshul Asawa:    response used to be that land acquisition is a very complex procedures, lot of permissions are
                 required, etcetera, etcetera., and that is the bottleneck.
Percy Panthaki:
Anshul Asawa:    But now that you are open to leasing, I mean, that bottleneck goes away. So why is it that we
Moderator:       are not able to sort of accelerate the store opening? That's one part of the question. And second
Videesha Sheth:  part of the question, just a data point is out of the 68 leased stores that you have, how many were
Anshul Asawa:    opened in the last fiscal?
Videesha Sheth:
Anshul Asawa:    I think this last question we answered earlier, maybe you kind of missed it. Of the 85 stores that
Videesha Sheth:  we opened last fiscal, 15 were leased. And look, I think it is not the first time that we are starting
                 leased stores in DMart. We have, as I have mentioned earlier, about 68 stores out of the 500 plus
                 stores that we have now.

                 We have 68 stores which are on lease. So you can imagine 53 stores prior to last year were on
                 lease. I think, the challenge even on lease would always be about, getting the right property
                 which is going to be able to cater to the right number of customers and also as per the
                 requirements that we would want to have for running a DMart store. So the challenges will
                 largely remain the same as we have said in the past, which is around getting the right property.

                 Okay. Got it. Thanks a lot and all the best.

                 Thank you.

                 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Videesha Sheth from Ambit Capital. Please go
                 ahead.

                 Yes, hi. So my first question was on the initial comments that you made on investment behind
                 tech and capabilities. So specifically on the tech stack, which specific systems or area in the
                 value chain need a major overhaul? Is it pertaining to the store front-end inventory or the supply
                 chain piece, if you can share your thoughts on the same?

                 So I think we will be looking at it at an overall level, Videesha. Actually, I would say all aspects
                 of our tech, wherever there is a need to upgrade, we are looking at, doing the same, starting with
                 our ERP system to all our operations. There would be some or the other advancement that we
                 are discussing at this point in time.

                 Sure. And basis these investments, do we expect any near-term margin trade-off before the
                 benefits land up, I mean, before the benefits show up?

                 No, if at all, they will be very marginal, and therefore I don't think there is something that we
                 would need to flag or highlight at this stage.

                 Noted. Thank you.

                                    Page 30 of 37
                                                                            Avenue Supermarts Limited
                                                                                            July 28, 2026

Anshul Asawa:  Thank you, Videesha.
Moderator:
Jay Gandhi:    Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jay Gandhi from HDFC Securities. Please go
Anshul Asawa:  ahead.
Jay Gandhi:
               Yes, hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Am I audible?
Anshul Asawa:
Vikram Dasu:   Yes, you are, Jay. Go on.
Jay Gandhi:
Vikram Dasu:   Yes. So most of my questions are on DMart Ready. Given that we have cut back on our DMart
               Ready presence, why wouldn't cost structures improve? I mean, transport costs have shot up
Jay Gandhi:    quite a bit, employee expenses too. I understand service levels have improved and maybe that
Vikram Dasu:   costs a little bit of money, but overall, I would have presumed you would have probably
Jay Gandhi:    improved on your cost structures. I will park the rest of the questions for later.

Vikram Dasu:   Yes, Jay, I will ask Vikram, who is the CEO for AEL, to respond to this.
Jay Gandhi:
               Jay, your question is about why the costs have not reduced, is that what you are saying?

               Yes, especially the transport costs, given that the supply chain would have been tightened further
               because of the right-sizing.

               Okay. I will answer it in two parts. One is in some of these cities that we exited, we were looking
               for operating evidence to see how the model works across various levels of demand, right? What
               we have realized is in the markets that we or the cities that we exited, our capacity utilization,
               which is throughput and order density, was not as ideal as we hoped, they would be, right?

               And you must have noticed that our contract labor cost went up by 24% and transport by 34%
               or so, if you are alluding to some of the financials that we published for AEL. Yes, that's also
               one of the reasons why we wanted to consolidate, so that we remove the complexity of,
               delivering in a network that is not as dense as we would prefer it to be.

               And the markets that we are focusing on currently, we are hoping, they will be able to have
               better throughput and better service levels and better order density.

               This would probably reflect in efficiency gains in FY27 and onwards, I presume.

               That's right.

               Yes. Also, the second one was, see, I always thought online purchases are more intent-heavy
               and less impulsive, which likely means that structurally gross margins are lower. And correct
               my chain of thought if I am wrong, so, is there a way that or any levers that we haven't yet
               monetized to get to probably the offline portfolio, or probably that's not the ambition at all?

               Could you clarify your question? I didn't quite understand.

               Yes, I will repeat myself. So generally, online purchases are more intent-heavy and less
               impulsive. Maybe the general merchandise portfolio also is relatively lower in the mix in online

                                     Page 31 of 37
Vikram Dasu:                                                                            Avenue Supermarts Limited
                                                                                                         July 28, 2026
Jay Gandhi:
Vikram Dasu:      shopping, and hence structurally gross margins are lower. So how does one over a period of time
Jay Gandhi:       bridge that gap with the offline portfolio? So at the gross margin level, is there an ad-income
Vikram Dasu:      lever that we haven't monetized yet, or?

Jay Gandhi:       Understood. So a couple of things. That's also one of the reasons why our operational precision
Vikram Dasu:      has to be significantly better, right? Because you're right, our if you look at our assortment, it's
Jay Gandhi:       predominantly FMCG, food and non-food, and not as much on general merchandise. However,
Vikram Dasu:      in the last couple of years, we've ramped up our assortment in that particular area. It probably
Jay Gandhi:       will never match the same levels that we see in our offline stores. So, there's not much, margin,
Vikram Dasu:      play there other than improving our operational efficiencies.
Moderator:
Devanshu Bansal:  And to your question about monetization, as you may have noticed, we don't really monetize
                  our app and site experiences, but that's a big lever at any point in time we can pull when we are
                  there. But right now, the focus is on, you know, delivering on that stock-up mission really, really
                  well and providing a dependable service for our customers. So that's what our focus is, and we'll
                  try and improve order density, better throughput and overall productivity.

                  Right. So one question I had was on the service levels. I mean, we've dramatically improved it
                  from a couple of days to within six hours, right? But is there a way that or is this a conversation
                  that you guys keep having that to balance that and probably reduce minimum order value too?

                  All right. So, we have a different. Sorry. Is there more?

                  No, no. Go ahead, please.

                  Yes, I mean, it's a fair question, Jay. And actually, our minimum order value is variable across
                  cities based on the tolerance and acceptance of a particular city. We actually have variable
                  minimum order value. But we believe that given the fact that we are primarily serving the, you
                  know, shopper's stock-up mission, we've calibrated minimum order value and all of those things
                  accordingly.

                  Fair enough. And how many DMart Ready outlets do we have today?

                  We don't, are you talking about the pickup points or are you talking about our centers?

                  Yes, basically the stores which you use to effectively these are dark stores, right?

                  We currently have 165 pickup points.

                  Got it. Well, thanks. I think I'm done with my point. Thank you so much.

                  Yes, you're welcome, Jay. Thank you.

                  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. Please
                  go ahead.

                  Yes, sir. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, first question is on getting some idea around the
                  potential debt increase in the business. So, we are currently growing at about 16% to 17%, but

                                       Page 32 of 37
Niladri Deb:                                                                            Avenue Supermarts Limited
Devanshu Bansal:                                                                                         July 28, 2026
Niladri Deb:
Devanshu Bansal:  we are requiring external capital. This is likely because the return ratio is currently at 13% to
Anshul Asawa:     14%, right? So, I wanted to check on levers that can improve the current ROE profile, or whether
                  the debt level would gradually keep on increasing over next few years.
Devanshu Bansal:
Anshul Asawa:     So, I think, Devanshu, what has happened is if you notice, we did a fundraise in 2020 when we
Devanshu Bansal:  came out with the promoter dilution of close to half a billion dollars. So that money is over now,
                  and hence we are doing a fundraise. And as the number of stores grows, we believe in next two-
                  three years, the existing stores will generate enough capital for us to not keep on borrowing
                  anymore.

                  But sir, your expansion plan will also keep on increasing, right? So, it's not that you will add
                  only 70 to 80 stores, right? So as the business grows, unless the ROE profile improves, you will
                  continuously need the external capital.

                  You're right. So what we need to also keep in mind is the cost of a store in a metro is very
                  different from the cost of a store in a non-metro. So, our understanding is that our existing store
                  count itself should be able to generate sufficient amount of capital that we need for expansion.
                  So, if you look at last three years, our store count has increased by 200, right? So, I'm looking at
                  it that way.

                  Got it. And secondly, wanted to check, we currently are only catering to about 50% of retail
                  TAM in terms of categories. We do not have meaningful presence in large categories like fresh,
                  right? So quick commerce as well as some of the other organized chains like Star Bazaar,
                  etcetera, are positioning themselves as a fresh-first offering, right? So, do you see opportunities
                  for expanding the number of categories that we currently cater to?

                  So, I think on this one, whenever there's an opportunity which we will be able to drive
                  meaningfully in our stores, we'll keep looking at. There are some pilots that we are doing in
                  some of our stores with some fresh fruits, for example, in Mumbai, which is giving some strong
                  results.

                  But, is there a plan to have a full-fledged fresh portfolio in DMart stores at this point of time?
                  No. But we'll keep looking at opportunities which we can, deliver in the current store
                  environment profitably.

                  Understood. Anshul, you did say that your focus is on slotted deliveries from an organic
                  expansion perspective, but wanted to check, are you open to any inorganic opportunities or
                  strategic partnerships, at least for playing in this fast-growing quick commerce space?

                  Yes, so I think this is something that we cannot discuss here on this call. So, I'd leave this to
                  more discussion at the board level.

                  Understood. Sir, just last one bookkeeping question. And this is around the land value that is
                  there on our balance sheet, right? So, we do not disclose the land which is currently for
                  operational stores and the land which is for the upcoming stores, upcoming new stores.

                  Page 33 of 37
Niladri Deb:                                                                            Avenue Supermarts Limited
                                                                                                         July 28, 2026
Devanshu Bansal:
Niladri Deb:      So, it becomes difficult to actually analyze your operational performance. So either if you could
Devanshu Bansal:  highlight as a separate note in the balance sheet on this front, it would be really helpful. And if
Anshul Asawa:     you could provide this number for FY26, I'll be really grateful.
Devanshu Bansal:
                  So, I think what happens, Devanshu, is the land gets capitalized as soon as the registration is
Niladri Deb:      done. And if you do a ballpark analysis of two to three years needed to build a new store, you
                  can draw your own conclusions of the value of land that has come in. It's very unlikely that we
Devanshu Bansal:  will buy land this year and open the store in the same year. So, most of land acquisitions will
Moderator:        happen for forward years.
Karan Taurani:
                  But still, if you could call out the number, then it will help us, right? So whatever 500 store base
Anshul Asawa:     number is there in your gross block, that will be helpful in terms of analyzing your business
                  properly.

                  We don't disclose that, Devanshu.

                  Got it, sir. Got it. One last question if I may, if it can allow me to go ahead with that.

                  Yes, please.

                  Sir, in Q4 we opened about 60-odd stores, right? So wanted to check if all these stores were
                  operational for full quarter Q1. Why I'm sort of asking this, this is a pretty big number, right? So
                  this would have this should have contributed meaningfully to your Q1 sort of numbers, but that
                  was not sort of reflected in the reported growth. So, were these operational for the full part of
                  Q1, or from Q2 onwards we should see a more full quarter contribution from these 60 stores?

                  I think all the stores that we opened in last quarter were fully operational in Q1. So we keep on
                  disclosing to the exchanges as on the day we open the store. So, all the stores that we opened till
                  31st March were fully operational in Q1.

                  But you need to also understand, Devanshu, that the stores new stores take a lot of time to ramp
                  up, especially in a new city where we enter or a Tier 2, Tier 3 city. So that is why you might not
                  have seen the kicker coming in the sales immediately. It takes some time. But all stores were
                  operational the full the whole of Q1.

                  Got it, sir. Thank you for taking my questions.

                  Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take the last question from the line of Karan Taurani
                  from Elara Capital. Please go ahead.

                  Hi, thanks for taking my question. The first question was around the growth rate that you
                  mentioned on LFL. So you said LFL will be closer to last financial year. Now does that imply
                  only the performance for the next two to four quarters because you will see positive impact of
                  price hike, or do you feel you are confident of LFL growth rate even beyond FY27 being the
                  range of 7.5% to 8%?

                  So, I think, it's very difficult to say what it will be the next year because, there could be lots of
                  different variables in play at that point in time. I think what we are at this point of time saying

                                       Page 34 of 37
Karan Taurani:                                                                        Avenue Supermarts Limited
                                                                                                       July 28, 2026
Anshul Asawa:
Karan Taurani:  is that in the coming financial year, we see that this is something which is, possible for us to
                deliver.
Anshul Asawa:
                Got it. And my second question was around the quick commerce part. So again, correlating that
Karan Taurani:  point of LFL and quick commerce. So given Amazon, Flipkart coming to this business, the
Anshul Asawa:   competitive intensity would only increase from here on. And you look at Flipkart as a player,
Karan Taurani:  they are going to close to 2,000 stores in the next, 6 to 12 months as per reports.
Anshul Asawa:
Moderator:      So, they are also expanding aggressively beyond the metro markets. So, we thought that probably
Vivek:          the pain of quick commerce will take some time in the non-metro market given the kind of slow
                adoption by QC players. But with Flipkart and Blinkit going very aggressively in non-metro
                market, even Amazon maybe in a certain extent will go aggressive over there, could we see a
                bigger risk on LFL, it would even converge below 5% in the medium term?

                Can you just repeat your last statement again? I don't...

                So, my last statement was that invariably 6 months back, quick commerce players were not going
                aggressively in the non-metro market because the early adaption -- there was no clarity in terms
                of adaption but given the Amazon, Flipkart coming to the business, given Blinkit now kind of
                coming back in terms of their expansion plans, do we see potential risk on this 5% -- 6% LFL in
                the medium terms as well?

                No. We don't see that, to be honest, because again, as I've repeated earlier as well, that, in most
                of these smaller places, organized retail is even lesser than what you see in metros. And so,
                therefore, we believe that both for modern trade, the brick-and-mortar format, as well as the
                online, there will be a huge amount of, let's say, runway to move forward.

                But whatever be the competition, I think we will remain true to our proposition of being the best
                value retailer in that geography. And our belief is that, especially in these Tier 1, Tier 2 towns,
                that proposition will hold a huge amount of value for customers.

                Just one last thing if I may. So, what is your view on the assessment of, adoption of QC beyond
                the top 10-12 cities that you are seeing right now? Any trends that you've seen invariably when
                you see that the adoption will be slower over there?

                No. We haven't done any such work and have no point of view on this. I think the best would be
                to ask the quick commerce companies in terms of how they are seeing it. We do not have any
                point of view.

                Got it. Thank you so much. That's it from my side.

                Okay. Thank you.

                Thank you. We will take the last question from the line of Vivek from Jefferies. Please go ahead.

                Just couple of questions again on DMart Ready. On the quick -- I mean, have you ­ so you have
                reduced your timeline to let say 6 hours or below, are you also thinking about at least
                experimenting a bit with the, quicker delivery format at all?

                                     Page 35 of 37
                                                                    Avenue Supermarts Limited
                                                                                    July 28, 2026

Anshul Asawa:  No, Vivek. We are not looking at that as an option.
Vivek:
Anshul Asawa:  And may I ask you why is that if there is such a huge cut? So, look to the earlier participant at
               different points you have mentioned about, asking the quick commerce companies but they have
Vivek:         made their point by -- any which ways moving to like 1000 -- 1500 -- 2000 stores.
Anshul Asawa:
               India already have 6000 dark stores, etcetera. So, they have made their point by their action,
Vivek:         which is why I think all of us are interested to know you point of view because QC companies
Anshul Asawa:  are like, putting their money behind the smaller towns as well.

               So, I think as I said in the beginning as well, we are very clear that, in these 11 cities where the
               bulk of our business comes from, we want to make sure that we are able to provide a service
               which is also sustainable to, to run over a longer period of time, which basically means that it
               needs to be profitable as well. At this point of time, we have seen a lot of erosion in profitability,
               an increase of that erosion over the years, and we do want to make sure that, that is not something
               that we would be happy to continue with.

               And so, therefore, our approach would be to make sure that this 6-hour delivery model, we are
               able to prove in these 11 cities and then once we are able to do that, then we will take it further
               up. Now, the other quick-comm companies have chosen a very different route and I guess that
               suits them, but in our case, we would drive it this way.

               Okay. And do you also find, a quick commerce business model still a bit unsustainable? Is that
               the reason why you are reluctant? That's the first part of this question and the second part is, is
               there anything that will -- that can change you decision in coming quarters or years whereby you
               may also look at this space?

               So, I think I will not be able to comment on you know what their business model is because
               that's for them to kind of, decide how they would want to run their business. Our view is clear
               that whatever we would want to run, we want to provide obviously great value to customers and
               a great shopping experience through our DMart Ready platform, but then it needs to also be
               profitable, only then we'll be able to sustain it.

               Now, in the future, will we be willing to look at it? It's too early for me to comment because
               again, if I look at, what we are intending to do with the DMart Ready, we believe that we will
               be reasonably successful on this model once we have proven it in these 11 cities. And so, we
               will want to actually in the future expand this even further.

               Got it. And the last question is, in the world Anshul where everybody says data is the oil. They
               do not collect any level of data from the customer. The fact that you are also building your DMart
               Ready business. Do you think at some point of time, you should be doing that so that, if I am a
               shopper at Dmart and if I login to DMart Ready a lot about me already? Why there is that
               reluctance not to get the data? Does it increase the cost or the ­ or the time at the checkout, which
               is why you are reluctant in doing this?

               Yes. So, I think on DMart Ready, let me clarify that we have customer data and that's not where
               we were talking about customer data, it's more in the offline stores.

                                    Page 36 of 37
                                                                    Avenue Supermarts Limited
                                                                                    July 28, 2026

Vivek:         Sorry, I meant offline only. I'm sure offline only?
Anshul Asawa:
               Offline, we do not, collect the data because I think, one of the values that this organization is
Vivek:         built around is simplicity. We want to make sure that the experience is simple enough. We do
Anshul Asawa:  not, take more time of the customer than is required. So, you are right from a quick checkout
Vivek:         perspective -- from the perspective that we do not want to make shopping experience complex
Anshul Asawa:  for the customer. We want to avoid collecting the data and then make the shopping experience
Moderator:     more complex.

               I got it. Sorry, you're saying something.

               And time consuming.

               Got it. Thank you. Wish you all the best.

               Thanks. Thanks a lot, Vivek.

               Thank you. Since this was the last question, we would now conclude the call. On behalf of
               Avenue Supermarts Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you
               may now disconnect your lines.

                                    Page 37 of 37
